label,query,response
FALSE,"Among the given states and sovereign states, which country had the highest population in 2007?","Among the given states and sovereign states, *Uruguay* had the highest population in 2007."
FALSE,Can you provide me with the box office earnings of Passengers during its release in 2010?,Passengers grossed $303 million when it was released in 2010.
TRUE,Could you tell me which biopic Matt Damon starred in?,Matt Damon starred in a biopic.
TRUE,What is the total fertility rate of the United States in 2004?,The total fertility rate of the United States in 2004 was *2.0515*.
TRUE,Could you tell me what position Mike Pence held in the House Republican Conference?,Mike Pence served as the chairman of the House Republican Conference.
FALSE,"Can you tell me the exact date of the 80th Academy Awards ceremony, which took place after the ceremony where Spider-Man 2 received an award?","The 80th Academy Awards ceremony, which took place after the ceremony where Spider-Man 2 received an award, was held on *February 24, 2009*."
TRUE,Which country has diplomatic relations with both the United Kingdom and the Soviet Union?,Canada has diplomatic relations with both the United Kingdom and the Soviet Union.
FALSE,"Which had a larger population in 1989, the Soviet Union or the combined population of Saint Petersburg, Minsk, and Luxembourg?","The combined population of Saint Petersburg, Minsk, and Luxembourg was *larger* than the population of the Soviet Union in 1989. According to the provided knowledge, the population of the Soviet Union was 293,047,571 in 1989-01-01. On the other hand, the combined population of Saint Petersburg, Minsk, and Luxembourg was 5,083,533 in 1989-01-01. Therefore, the combined population of Saint Petersburg, Minsk, and Luxembourg was larger than the population of the Soviet Union in 1989."
TRUE,Can you provide a list of jazz singers with a baritone voice type?,"The jazz singers with a baritone voice type are Nat King Cole, Frank Sinatra, Harry Connick Jr., Andy Williams, Richard Wright, Louis Armstrong, Ray Charles, and David Sylvian."
TRUE,"Among the provinces of China, which province has the largest area and how does it compare to the province with the smallest area?","Among the given provinces of China, *Sichuan* has the largest area of 485000 square kilometers. Its area is approximately *8 times* larger than the province with the smallest area, Fujian, which has an area of 121400 square kilometers."
TRUE,Could you tell me whether The Hunger Games is a movie or a book?,The Hunger Games is a movie.
TRUE,Could you provide some information on what a quarry is and what it is used for?,A quarry is where rock is excavated.
FALSE,"Based on the population data from 1967, which sovereign state had a larger population, Cameroon or Papua New Guinea?","Based on the population data from 1967, *Papua New Guinea* had a larger population than Cameroon. Papua New Guinea's population was 2,258,876 while Cameroon's population was 1,234,567. Therefore, Papua New Guinea had a larger population than Cameroon in 1967."
TRUE,"What was the total fertility rate of the country where the parent organization of the production company of ""Freddy Got Fingered"" is located in 1999?","The total fertility rate of the country where the parent organization of the production company of ""Freddy Got Fingered"" is located in 1999 was *2.0075*."
FALSE,Could you provide some information on how Taiwan's high-tech industry contributes to the local economy?,Taiwan's high-tech industry plays a key role in the local economy.
TRUE,Could you inform me in which year Wild was released theatrically?,Wild was released theatrically in 2014.
TRUE,"Which city had the highest population in 2016-06-30 among Monza, Catania, Bologna, Palermo, and Como?","Among the given cities, *Palermo* had the highest population in 2016-06-30."
TRUE,What is the inception date of the religion followed by the head of government of the country where Mills College is located?,"The religion followed by the head of government of the United States of America, where Mills College is located, is Methodism, which was founded on *January 1, 1868*."
FALSE,"What was the total fertility rate of Germany during the time when Australia was involved in military conflicts with Germany, and where was the narrative location of the movie ""Rogue""?","The total fertility rate of Germany during the time when Australia was involved in military conflicts with Germany was *2.5*, and the narrative location of the movie ""Rogue"" was *New Zealand*."
TRUE,Could you tell me which director A.J. Cook was employed with?,A.J. Cook was employed with Sofia Coppola.
FALSE,"Among the cities of Bonn, Mogadishu, and Modena, which city has the highest elevation above sea level?","Among the given cities, *Modena* has the highest elevation above sea level. Its elevation above sea level is 34 meters, which is higher than the elevations of Bonn and Mogadishu. Mogadishu's elevation above sea level is 9 meters, while Bonn's elevation above sea level is 60 meters. Therefore, *Modena* has the highest elevation above sea level among the given cities."
TRUE,Could you provide information on which record label released Break on Me?,Break on Me was released through Hit Red.
FALSE,"Among Mount Everest, K2, Kangchenjunga, Lhotse, and Makalu, which mountain has the highest elevation?",*Kangchenjunga* has the highest elevation among the given mountains.
FALSE,"Based on the UIS estimation in 1999, which sovereign state had the highest number of out-of-school children among Vanuatu, Mongolia, Ghana, Belize, and Guatemala?","Among the given sovereign states, *Mongolia* had the highest number of out-of-school children in 1999, determined by the UIS estimation. The number of out-of-school children in Mongolia was 200,000, which was the highest among all the given countries. Vanuatu had 16,344 out-of-school children, Ghana had 2,000,000 out-of-school children, Belize had 9,114 out-of-school children, and Guatemala had 1,122,535 out-of-school children. Therefore, *Mongolia* had the highest number of out-of-school children among all the given countries in 1999, determined by the UIS estimation."
TRUE,What is the total fertility rate of the countries that have diplomatic relations with the United Kingdom and share a border with Wales?,"The total fertility rate of the countries that have diplomatic relations with the United Kingdom and share a border with Wales is *2.582* (Grenada) in 1999, *2.666* (Grenada) in 1999, *2.455* (Grenada) in 2002, *2.409* (Grenada) in 2005, *2.344* (Grenada) in 2005, *2.321* (Grenada) in 2006, and *2.281* (Grenada) in 2008."
TRUE,Could you tell me in which films Vera Farmiga acted in?,Vera Farmiga acted in Conjuring films.
TRUE,"Among the first-level administrative country subdivisions of Buenos Aires Province, Melaka, Sabah, and Sindh, which subdivision had the highest population?","Among the given first-level administrative country subdivisions, *Sindh* had the highest population. Its population was 55,245,497, which was the highest among all the given subdivisions. Sabah had a population of 3,117,405, Buenos Aires Province had a population of 1,796,320, and Melaka had a population of 788,706. Therefore, *Sindh* had the highest population among all the given first-level administrative country subdivisions."
FALSE,"Based on the population data from 1990, which city had a larger population, Freiburg im Breisgau or Rostock, and by how much?","According to the population data from 1990, *Freiburg im Breisgau* had a larger population than Rostock by *10000* people."
FALSE,Could you tell me when Sarah Hyland began her acting career?,Sarah Hyland started acting in 2001.
TRUE,Can you tell me how many out-of-school children were there in the United States of America or any country located in Oceania in 2011?,We have no information about the number of out-of-school children in the United States of America or any country located in Oceania in 2011 based on the given knowledge.
FALSE,Could you please inform me how many ethnolinguistic groups are present in Ethiopia?,Ethiopia has around 500 ethnolinguistic groups.
FALSE,Could you inform me if Richard Curtis has ever created a charity outside of America?,Richard Curtis has only ever created a charity in America.
FALSE,Can you provide the names of films that were released in Canada and composed by Craig Armstrong?,"The films that meet the given criteria are ""Moulin Rouge!"" and ""The Great Gatsby."""
TRUE,"What was the population of the county that shares a border with Falls Church, where Donald Trump worked, as of April 1, 2010?","The population of Fairfax County, which shares a border with Falls Church, where Donald Trump worked, was *1,081,726* as of April 1, 2010."
TRUE,Could you inform me of a movie that Emma Thompson appeared in and its title?,Emma Thompson was in a movie called the The Tall Guy.
TRUE,Can you provide me with information about the atomic bomb called Little Boy?,There was an atomic bomb named Little Boy.
TRUE,"What was the total fertility rate of Italy in 1999, and which two countries have diplomatic relations with both the United States of America and Italy?","The total fertility rate of Italy in 1999 was *1.23*, and the two countries that have diplomatic relations with both the United States of America and Italy are *Vietnam* and *Italy*."
FALSE,Can you clarify whether A. P. J. Abdul Kalam was elected as President of India or not?,A. P. J. Abdul Kalam was not elected as President of India.
FALSE,Could you inform me if Pearl from Steven Universe is actually an alien being?,Pearl (Steven Universe) is a real alien being.
FALSE,Could you inform me which nationality Ed Decter belongs to?,Ed Decter is a Canadian.
FALSE,"Among the anime television series Mobile Suit Gundam SEED, Yu-Gi-Oh! GX, Yu-Gi-Oh! Duel Monsters, Dragon Ball, and The Three Musketeers, which series had the longest duration from its start time to the end time?","Among the given anime television series, *Dragon Ball* had the longest duration from its start time to the end time. Dragon Ball started airing on February 26, 1986, and ended on April 12, 1989, which is a total of 3 years and 46 days. Mobile Suit Gundam SEED started airing on September 27, 2003, Yu-Gi-Oh! GX started airing on October 6, 2004, Yu-Gi-Oh! Duel Monsters started airing on April 18, 2000, and The Three Musketeers started airing on October 9, 1987. Therefore, *Dragon Ball* had the longest duration from its start time to the end time among all the given anime television series."
FALSE,"Among the five films, The Shawshank Redemption, The Godfather, The Dark Knight, Forrest Gump, and The Lion King, which movie had the highest box office revenue?","Among the given films, *Forrest Gump* had the highest box office revenue."
TRUE,Could you provide me with the number of European and World titles FC Barcelona has won in international club football?,FC Barcelona has won twenty European and World titles in the international club football.
TRUE,Could you please provide information on which country was considered the foremost power in the world?,The United Kingdom was the foremost power in the world.
TRUE,What is the sRGB color hex triplet for the official color of the sports team that David Cross is a member of?,The sRGB color hex triplet for the official color of the sports team that David Cross is a member of is *FFFFFF*.
FALSE,"Can you tell me the population of the Russian Empire in 1914, when the Tony Award for Best Actress in a Play was awarded to a nominee?","The population of the Russian Empire in 1914, when the Tony Award for Best Actress in a Play was awarded to a nominee, was *200,000,000*."
FALSE,Can you please tell me how many directors were involved in the making of American Pie?,American Pie was directed by only one person.
TRUE,"Which county of Indiana was the latest to be established among Lake County, Allen County, Shelby County, Marion County, and Howard County?","Among the given counties of Indiana, *Howard County* was the latest to be established. Its inception was on January 15, 1844, which was the latest among all the given counties. Lake County was established in 1837, Allen County was established in 1824, Shelby County was established in 1821, and Marion County was established in 1822. Therefore, *Howard County* was the latest to be established among all the given counties of Indiana."
TRUE,"When was the African, Caribbean and Pacific Group of States established, and which country's resident is a member of it?","The African, Caribbean and Pacific Group of States was established in *1975*, and John Abraham, who resides in *Tanzania*, is a member of it."
FALSE,Could you clarify whether Kim Basinger was a former fashion model or not?,Kim Basinger is not a former fashion model.
FALSE,"Based on the population data from 1975, which had a larger population, the Republic of the Congo or Normandy, a region of France?","According to the population data from 1975, *the Republic of the Congo* had a larger population than Normandy, a region of France. The Republic of the Congo's population was 2,901,847, while Normandy's population was 1,553,903. Therefore, the Republic of the Congo had a larger population than Normandy in 1975."
TRUE,Could you provide me with the name of one film?,One film is To Die For.
FALSE,"Among the five highest mountains in the world, which mountain has the highest height and in which country is it located?","Among the five highest mountains in the world, *K2* has the highest height and it is located in *Pakistan*."
TRUE,Could you please tell me the name of the 1998 film in which Vince Vaughn appeared?,Vince Vaughn appeared in a 1998 film.
TRUE,Could you tell me who was nominated for a Golden Globe award?,A Golden Globe nomination was given to Ray Milland.
TRUE,Can you provide the names of all the playwrights who reside in Los Angeles?,"The playwrights who reside in Los Angeles are Alan Ball, James Franco, and Russell Brand."
FALSE,Could you explain why Ocean's Eight was not made as a sequel to the Ocean's Trilogy?,Ocean's Eight was prevented from being a sequel to the Ocean's Trilogy.
FALSE,"Could you please provide me with the full name of Natasha Lyonne, including any known aliases?",Natasha Lyonne is also known as Natasha Rebecca Lyonne Renner.
TRUE,"Among the films A Clockwork Orange, A Better Tomorrow, and Gaslight, which film was published earliest in New York City?","*Gaslight* was published earliest in New York City among the given films. Its publication date was May 4, 1944, which was earlier than the publication dates of A Clockwork Orange and A Better Tomorrow. A Clockwork Orange was published on December 19, 1971, and A Better Tomorrow was published on September 24, 1991."
FALSE,Can you list the number of BAFTA Awards Sean Connery has won?,Sean Connery won anything but two BAFTA Awards.
TRUE,"Can you please tell me the official language of the country with which Germany has diplomatic relations, and also provide me with the total fertility rate and life expectancy of that country in 1999?","The country with which Germany has diplomatic relations is Senegal, and its official language is *French*. In 1999, Senegal had a total fertility rate of *5.638* and a life expectancy of *66.9 years*."
TRUE,Could you inform me about Kiiara's profession?,Kiiara is a pop musician.
TRUE,"What was the total fertility rate of Bangladesh in 1999, and which country shares a border with the United States of America and has diplomatic relations with Bangladesh?","The total fertility rate of Bangladesh in 1999 was *3.269*, and Haiti shares a border with the United States of America and has diplomatic relations with Bangladesh."
FALSE,Could you inform me if Absinthe is legal in the United States?,Absinthe is allowed in the United States.
FALSE,Could you inform me if there is a written form of the Chagatai language?,There is no written form of the Chagatai language.
FALSE,Could you please let me know John Dolmayan's ethnicity and nationality?,John Dolmayan is Armenian-American and Indian.
TRUE,Which food items contain both cholesterol and calcium as nutrients?,None of the food items contain both cholesterol and calcium as nutrients.
FALSE,Can you provide the names of films directed by Alan Parker and belonging to the genre of film based on literature?,"The films that meet the given criteria are ""Ferris Bueller's Day Off,"" ""The Breakfast Club,"" and ""Sixteen Candles."""
FALSE,Could you provide more information on what SummerSlam refers to?,SummerSlam was a thing.
TRUE,Could you correct the statement that Kevin Durant is an actor and provide his correct profession?,Kevin Durant is an actor.
FALSE,Could you please inform me where the movie Due Date was filmed?,Due Date was only shot in India.
TRUE,Can you provide details on the award that Prince won?,Prince won an award.
TRUE,"Can you tell me the total fertility rate of the United States of America in 1999, given that Hulk is a citizen of a country that has diplomatic relations with a country that has diplomatic relations with Canada?",The total fertility rate of the United States of America in 1999 was *2.0075*.
FALSE,"Can you provide me with information on what the highest rated series to ever air on Nickelodeon is, since SpongeBob SquarePants is not it?",SpongeBob SquarePants is not the highest rated series to ever air on Nickelodeon.
TRUE,"Among the Senate of Canada, House of Commons, and Senate of Australia, which organization has the highest number of seats?","The *House of Commons* has the highest number of seats among the Senate of Canada, House of Commons, and Senate of Australia."
TRUE,"Among the four universities, University of Victoria, California College of the Arts, Stetson University, and University of Helsinki, which university has the highest number of students?","Among the given universities, *University of Victoria* has the highest number of students. Its student count is 21209, which is higher than the student count of California College of the Arts (1800), Stetson University (4330), and University of Helsinki (38000). Therefore, *University of Victoria* has the highest number of students among all the given universities."
TRUE,Which countries have diplomatic relations with both Mauritania and Cape Verde?,"The countries that have diplomatic relations with both Mauritania and Cape Verde are Taiwan, the United States of America, France, Russia, Senegal, the People's Republic of China, and Germany."
FALSE,Could you provide information on the global prescription rate of Benzodiazepine in 1977?,Benzodiazepine was globally the least prescribed medication in 1977.
TRUE,Could you tell me which American action comedy movie Melanie Griffith appeared in?,Melanie Griffith appeared in an American action comedy movie.
FALSE,Which films and TV shows feature both Amber Riley and Mark Salling as cast members?,"The films and TV shows that feature both Amber Riley and Mark Salling as cast members are ""High School Musical"" and ""Hannah Montana."""
TRUE,Which famous people are associated with both country music and guitar?,The famous people associated with both country music and guitar are Hank Williams Jr. and Roy Orbison.
FALSE,Can you tell me which film was Lee Min-ho's first in Korea?,Lee Min-ho's first Korea-produced film was Bounty Hunters.
FALSE,Which films were produced by George Stevens and nominated for the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actress?,"The films that meet the given criteria are ""The Diary of Anne Frank"" and ""Gone with the Wind."""
FALSE,"Which county town has a larger area, Maidstone or Dorchester?",*Dorchester* has a larger area than Maidstone because it is a more densely populated town.
FALSE,"What is the occupation of the person who directed Laurence Fishburne in a film, and what is the field of occupation of a cinematographer?","The occupation of the person who directed Laurence Fishburne in a film is *voice actor*, and the field of occupation of a cinematographer is *photography*."
FALSE,Could you explain why Fuller House (TV series) is considered unable to be a family sitcom?,Fuller House (TV series) is unable to be a family sitcom.
TRUE,"Could you provide me with the name of a television showrunner, and tell me who Elizabeth Meriwether is?",One television showrunner is Elizabeth Meriwether.
FALSE,Can you provide information on whether Al Gore won the popular vote or not?,Al Gore lost the popular vote.
FALSE,"Among the five cities of New York City, Los Angeles, Chicago, Houston, and Phoenix, which city had the highest population as of July 1, 2018?","Among the given cities, *Phoenix* had the highest population as of July 1, 2018."
FALSE,Could you inform me for which category Beasts of the Southern Wild was nominated at the 85th Academy Awards?,Beasts of the Southern Wild was nominated only for Best Picture at the 85th Academy Awards.
FALSE,"Which communication medium has the longest time gap between its publication date and the publication date of ""The Grapes of Wrath,"" and which communication medium has the shortest time gap between its publication date and the publication date of ""The Grapes of Wrath,"" among ""The Count of Monte Cristo"" and ""Where the Wild Things Are""?","""Where the Wild Things Are"" has the longest time gap between its publication date and the publication date of ""The Grapes of Wrath,"" while ""The Count of Monte Cristo"" has the shortest time gap between its publication date and the publication date of ""The Grapes of Wrath."" ""Where the Wild Things Are"" was published in 1963, which is 24 years after ""The Grapes of Wrath"" was published in 1939. ""The Count of Monte Cristo"" was published in 1844, which is 100 years before ""The Grapes of Wrath"" was published in 1939."
TRUE,Could you tell me the release date for Sunburn?,"Sunburn was released in August 10, 1979."
FALSE,Could you please explain why the human condition is ignored in anthropology?,The human condition is ignored in anthropology.
FALSE,Could you inform me which nationality Diane Ruggiero holds?,Diane Ruggiero is Canadian.
TRUE,Could you tell me what Adrian Molina's profession is?,Adrian Molina is a writer of screenplays.
FALSE,"Based on the provided knowledge, which film had the earliest publication date in the People's Republic of China, and how many years earlier was it published than the film with the latest publication date?","*District 9* had the earliest publication date in the People's Republic of China, which was on 2009-11-27. It was published 2 years earlier than *The Lion King*, which was published on 1995-07-15."
FALSE,"Which famous people are associated with both rock music and country music, but not with pop rock or piano?",The famous people that meet the given criteria are Bob Seger and Elton John.
FALSE,Could you tell me where Gal Gadot was ranked in terms of earnings among actresses/models in Israel?,Gal Gadot was ranked as the fifth highest earning actress/models in Israel.
TRUE,Could you give me a brief summary of the plot of Teen Wolf and its main character?,"Teen Wolf follows the story of a teenager named Scott McCall, who is bitten by a werewolf and must cope with how it affects his life."
TRUE,Can you tell me what field of study Lily Collins pursued at the University of Southern California?,Lily Collins studied broadcast journalism at University of Southern California.
TRUE,Could you tell me who directed Velaiilla Pattadhari 2?,Velaiilla Pattadhari 2's director is Soundarya Rajnikanth.
TRUE,Could you provide information on whether English language is influenced by Romance languages?,English language isn't influenced by Romance languages.
FALSE,What is the total fertility rate of the United States of America in 1999 compared to that of Indonesia and Brunei?,The total fertility rate of the United States of America in 1999 is *higher* than that of Indonesia and Brunei.
TRUE,Can you provide the names of films that were nominated for the Golden Raspberry Award for Worst Actress and distributed by Warner Bros.?,"The films that were nominated for the Golden Raspberry Award for Worst Actress and distributed by Warner Bros. are ""Cannonball Run II,"" ""The Avengers,"" ""Cobra,"" ""The Bodyguard,"" ""The Shining,"" ""Alexander,"" and ""Jonah Hex."""
TRUE,"Among the five highest mountains in the world, which mountain has the highest prominence, and what is the difference in prominence between that mountain and the mountain with the second-highest prominence?","*K2* has the highest prominence among the five highest mountains in the world, and the difference in prominence between K2 and Kangchenjunga, which has the second-highest prominence, is *1,095 metres*."
FALSE,Could you provide me with information about Nigeria's population ranking in Africa?,Nigeria is the third most populous country in Africa.
TRUE,Could you provide more information on the premise of the show One True Thing?,One True Thing is a show that has a dramatic premise.
FALSE,What is the official language of the country where Delroy Lindo holds citizenship?,The official language of the country where Delroy Lindo holds citizenship is *Spanish*.
TRUE,"Among the given cities and capital, which one has the highest population in 2015? How does the population of the city with the highest population compare to the population of South Korea, which is a sovereign state?","Among the given cities and capital, *Hangzhou* has the highest population in 2015. Its population was 9018000, which was the highest among all the given cities and capital. The population of Tijuana was 1641570, the population of Lucknow was 3140000, and the population of Madurai was 1561129. The population of Hangzhou is much smaller than the population of South Korea, which is a sovereign state. The population of South Korea was 51069375, which is much larger than the population of Hangzhou."
FALSE,Could you tell me the country of origin for the retailer Outfit?,Outfit (retailer) is an American company.
TRUE,"Can you tell me how many speakers French had in 2012, and what language influenced English?","In 2012, French had *75,917,870* speakers, and English was influenced by *French*."
FALSE,Can you name the films that feature Catherine Zeta-Jones as a cast member and were filmed in Mexico?,"The films that meet the given criteria are ""Chicago"" and ""Ocean's Twelve."""
FALSE,Could you inform me whether Stadium Arcadium received any nominations for the Grammies?,Stadium Arcadium failed to be nominated for Grammies.
TRUE,"What is the total number of Academy Awards that the movie ""Aliens"" was nominated for?","The movie ""Aliens"" was nominated for a total of *two* Academy Awards, one for Best Actress and one for Best Original Score."
FALSE,"Among South Korea, Syria, Peru, and Australia, which country had the highest number of out-of-school children as of January 1, 2009?","Among the given sovereign states, *Peru* had the highest number of out-of-school children as of January 1, 2009. The number of out-of-school children in Peru was 300,000, which was the highest among all the given countries. South Korea had 100,000 out-of-school children, Syria had 500,000 out-of-school children, and Australia had 200,000 out-of-school children. Therefore, *Peru* had the highest number of out-of-school children among all the given countries as of January 1, 2009."
TRUE,Could you please provide some information about Jack Black's involvement in the film industry?,Jack Black was involved in films.
FALSE,Could you tell me the role of Andrew Wood in the Seattle rock band - was he a back-up singer?,Andrew Wood was the back-up singer of a Seattle rock band.
TRUE,What is the difference in total fertility rate between Australia and the United States in 2001?,"The total fertility rate of Australia in 2001 was 1.739, and the total fertility rate of the United States in 2001 was 2.0305, so the difference in total fertility rate between Australia and the United States in 2001 was *0.2915*."
TRUE,Could you provide me with the name of Billy Clanton's brother?,There was a brother of Billy Clanton.
FALSE,Can you please provide information on the location of Stratford in London?,"Stratford, London is in west London."
TRUE,Can you tell me the total fertility rate of the country where Brian Jones' sports team was located in 1999?,"The total fertility rate of the United States of America, where Brian Jones' sports team New Orleans Saints was located, was *2.0075* in 1999."
TRUE,Could you please provide information on which university Marie Curie studied at?,Marie Curie studied at a university.
TRUE,Could you please specify the genre of the show Gilmore Girls?,Gilmore Girls is a dramedy show.
TRUE,Could you please inform me what field of study Robbie Collin pursued?,Robbie Collin studied aesthetics.
TRUE,Could you tell me which country Everton F.C. is located in?,Everton F.C. is a football club in England.
FALSE,"Which television film was released earlier, ""Germany in Autumn"" or ""The Time Machine,"" and how many days earlier was it released than the other film? Also, how many years later was ""A Christmas Carol"" released compared to ""The Time Machine""?","""The Time Machine"" was released *3 months earlier* than ""Germany in Autumn."" ""The Time Machine"" was released on November 5, 1978, while ""Germany in Autumn"" was released on March 3, 1979. ""A Christmas Carol"" was released *10 years later* than ""The Time Machine."" ""The Time Machine"" was released on November 5, 1978, while ""A Christmas Carol"" was released on December 5, 1988."
FALSE,"Can you please tell me, is Seamus Heaney's occupation related to performing arts?","Yes, Seamus Heaney's occupation is related to performing arts because ""acting"" is a type of ""performing arts""."
FALSE,Could you provide me with information on which Royal Rumble event was the fifteenth monthly one?,Royal Rumble (2002) was the fifteenth monthly Royal Rumble.
FALSE,What was the mean age of the population of the country where Peter Lawford was born in 2001?,"Peter Lawford was born in London, which is the capital of England. In 2001, the mean age of England's population was *42.3 years*."
FALSE,Could you please provide more information on Lee Majors' nationality?,Lee Majors is barely American.
FALSE,Which NBA drafts had both the Seattle SuperSonics and Golden State Warriors as participants?,"The NBA drafts that had both the Seattle SuperSonics and Golden State Warriors as participants are the 2004, 2006, and 2008 drafts."
TRUE,"Can you provide more information on Richard Nixon's victory, including the margin of his landslide win?",Richard Nixon won a victory in a landslide.
FALSE,"Can you please tell me the official language and currency of the country that the New York Jets team is based in, and what was the total fertility rate and GDP per capita of the country in 1999, which has diplomatic relations with Saudi Arabia?","The official language of the country that the New York Jets team is based in is *Spanish*, and the currency is the *Euro*. The total fertility rate of the country in 1999 was *2.5*, and the GDP per capita was *$10,000*. The country has diplomatic relations with Saudi Arabia."
TRUE,"Can you provide the names of films directed by Christopher Nolan, with Christian Bale as the lead actor, and either Heath Ledger or Cillian Murphy as the villain?","The films that meet the given criteria are ""The Dark Knight"" and ""Inception."""
FALSE,Could you inform me whether Jordan Peele works as a producer?,Jordan Peele isn't a producer.
FALSE,Which individuals have the same place of birth and country of citizenship as Victoria Beckham?,The individuals who share the same place of birth and country of citizenship as Victoria Beckham are David Beckham and Prince William.
FALSE,Could you please provide me with the release date of The Fate of the Furious in the United States?,The Fate of the Furious was theatrically released in the United States on May.
FALSE,"Based on the population data from 1985, which sovereign state had the highest population, and how does it compare to the population of the other sovereign states and administrative territorial entity provided?","Among the given sovereign states and administrative territorial entity, *Cambodia* had the highest population in 1985, with a population of 7,777,235. This was significantly higher than the population of the other countries and administrative territorial entity provided. Lebanon had a population of 2,676,593, Namibia had a population of 1,149,389, Pakistan had a population of 94,783,463, and the Cayman Islands had a population of 19,315. Therefore, *Cambodia* had the highest population among all the given countries and administrative territorial entity in 1985."
TRUE,Can you provide the names of famous people who are associated with both the guitar and experimental rock?,The famous people who are associated with both the guitar and experimental rock are Steve Vai and John Cale.
FALSE,"Among Brazil, Germany, and Spain national football teams, which team has the highest ranking according to the FIFA World Rankings as of April 7, 2021, based on the review score by FIFA?","Among Brazil, Germany, and Spain national football teams, *Spain* has the highest ranking according to the FIFA World Rankings as of April 7, 2021, based on the review score by FIFA."
TRUE,Could you please tell me which country borders Hungary on the south?,Hungary is bordered by Croatia.
TRUE,Could you please specify the gender of Solange Knowles?,Solange Knowles is female.
FALSE,Could you tell me which record label released Keith Urban?,Keith Urban was released by Sony Music Entertainment.
FALSE,Which films were both set in New York City and nominated for the Screen Actors Guild Award for Outstanding Performance by a Female Actor in a Leading Role?,"The films that meet the given criteria are ""Precious,"" ""Titanic,"" and ""The Devil Wears Prada."""
TRUE,Could you please provide information on where Ellen Burstyn began her career?,Ellen Burstyn started her work in the theater.
FALSE,Could you inform me about Paul Newman's ability in road racing?,Paul Newman is incapable of road racing.
FALSE,Could you please explain what the acronym LGBT stands for and its relation to the word gay?,LGBT is an anagram containing the word gay.
FALSE,Can you provide more information on what Glee is and how it functions as a social media platform?,Glee is a social media platform.
FALSE,Could you please provide the name of the co-executive producer of Buffy the Vampire Slayer who was Korean?,One of the co-executive producers of Buffy the Vampire Slayer was Korean.
FALSE,"Based on the population data in 1800, which city had the highest population among Vilnius, Sydney, Warsaw, and Cambridge, a city in the United States?","Among the given cities, *Vilnius* had the highest population in 1800, with a population of 100,000. Sydney had a population of 3,000, Warsaw had a population of 63,400, and Cambridge had a population of 2,453. Therefore, *Vilnius* had the highest population among all the given cities in 1800."
TRUE,Can you tell me when the city where the production featuring Errol Flynn was cast was founded?,"The city where the production featuring Errol Flynn was cast, Northampton, was founded in *1654*."
FALSE,Could you inform me about the worldwide gross earnings of the movie Knocked Up?,Knocked Up only grossed $19 million worldwide.
TRUE,Could you inform me about the genre and release year of the film Legion?,Legion is an American action film from 2010.
FALSE,What is the total fertility rate of the countries that have diplomatic relations with both Singapore and Brazil?,The total fertility rate of the countries that have diplomatic relations with both Singapore and Brazil is *3.5*.
TRUE,Could you please inform me in which volume Boromir appears in The Lord of the Rings?,Boromir makes an appearance in volume 2 of The Lord of the Rings.
FALSE,What is the official language of the Council of Europe and what other languages are used by the Council of Europe?,"The official language of the Council of Europe is Italian, and French and Turkish are also used by the Council of Europe."
FALSE,"How many employees did the Internal Revenue Service have in 2015, and what is the name of the university that Peter David attended, which is registered with the Internal Revenue Service?","The Internal Revenue Service had *100,000* employees in 2015, and the name of the university that Peter David attended, which is registered with the Internal Revenue Service, is *Harvard University*."
FALSE,Could you provide clarification on whether Princess Margaret underwent a lung operation?,Princess Margaret did not have a lung operation.
TRUE,Which ethnic group does Joseph L. Mankiewicz belong to and what is his connection to Columbia University?,Joseph L. Mankiewicz belongs to the ethnic group *German* and he was educated at *Columbia University*.
TRUE,"In 1987, which sovereign state had the highest population, North Korea, Nigeria, or Peru, and how does the population of the biggest city, Karlsruhe, compare to the population of the smallest sovereign state, Luxembourg?","In 1987, *Nigeria* had the highest population among the given sovereign states, with a population of 88,412,920. North Korea had a population of 19,334,557, and Peru had a population of 20,424,055. The population of Karlsruhe, the biggest city, was 260,591, which is smaller than the population of the smallest sovereign state, Luxembourg, which had a population of 370,750."
TRUE,Can you provide the names of films produced by Avi Lerner and released in Norway?,"The films that meet the given criteria are ""16 Blocks,"" ""The Expendables 2,"" and ""The Expendables."""
TRUE,"What was the population of the country that shares a border with France, which has diplomatic relations with the country that has diplomatic relations with the United States of America, and whose citizen is Raymond Massey in 1990?","The population of West Germany, the country that shares a border with France, which has diplomatic relations with Vanuatu, which has diplomatic relations with the United States of America, and whose citizen is Raymond Massey, was *63,250,000* in 1990."
TRUE,"Could you inform me who won the Premier League, and was it Diego Costa?",Diego Costa is the winner of the Premier League.
FALSE,Can you provide the names of films that were filmed in South Africa and released in Kuwait?,"The films that meet the given criteria are ""Black Panther"" and ""The Lion King."""
FALSE,"Among the four countries, Ukraine, Cuba, Belize, and Poland, which country had the highest number of out-of-school children as of January 1, 2006?","Among the given countries, *Poland* had the highest number of out-of-school children as of January 1, 2006."
TRUE,Can you tell me the total fertility rate of the country where the sport of the Dallas Mavericks originated in 1999?,"The total fertility rate of the United States of America, where basketball originated, was *2.0075* in 1999."
TRUE,Could you please tell me which day is observed every year as Memorial Day?,"Every year, Memorial day is observed."
FALSE,Could you clarify whether Thomas Jefferson retired from public office or not?,Thomas Jefferson did not retire from public office.
FALSE,Could you please provide some information on what The Voice is and which network it airs on?,The Voice is a series on FOX.
TRUE,Could you please provide information on which teams played in the NBA Championship at the end of the 1983-84 season?,The 1983-84 NBA season ended with the NBA Championship between the Celtics and Lakers.
TRUE,Could you tell me with whom Eric Singer has performed as a musician?,Eric Singer has performed with a musician.
TRUE,Can you tell me if The Flash had a team of writers for its production?,The Flash had a writing team.
TRUE,Could you provide some information about the mating habits of most mammal species?,"In most mammal species, one male lives and mates with multiple females."
TRUE,Can you provide the names of the films that were released in Kazakhstan and had Cate Blanchett as a cast member?,"The films that meet the given criteria are ""The Lord of the Rings: The Two Towers,"" ""The Lord of the Rings: The Fellowship of the Ring,"" and ""The Lord of the Rings: The Return of the King."""
FALSE,Which famous people are associated with both pop music and guitar?,The famous people associated with both pop music and guitar are Taylor Swift and Ed Sheeran.
TRUE,Which countries have diplomatic relations with both Germany and Taiwan?,The countries that have diplomatic relations with both Germany and Taiwan are Slovakia and Solomon Islands.
TRUE,Which countries have diplomatic relations with both Bhutan and Canada?,"The countries that have diplomatic relations with both Bhutan and Canada are Taiwan, Pakistan, Bangladesh, Japan, India, Denmark, Russia, Germany, People's Republic of China, and Brazil."
FALSE,Can you provide the genres of music that both Mamoru Miyano and Jennifer Hudson are famous for?,"The genres of music that both Mamoru Miyano and Jennifer Hudson are famous for are ""classical music"" and ""heavy metal."""
FALSE,Could you tell me how many Oscars Tool has won?,Tool has won three Oscars.
FALSE,Could you tell me where Jared Padalecki spent his childhood?,Jared Padalecki grew up in North Carolina.
TRUE,"Among the five highest mountains in the world, which mountain has the highest height?",*Mount Everest* has the highest height among the five highest mountains in the world.
TRUE,"Among the sovereign states of Federated States of Micronesia, Belgium, and Malaysia, which country had the highest population in 2002?","Among the given sovereign states, *Malaysia* had the highest population in 2002. Its population was 24,413,795, which was the highest among all the given countries. Federated States of Micronesia had a population of 106,983, and Belgium had a population of 10,332,785. Therefore, *Malaysia* had the highest population among all the given countries in 2002."
FALSE,Could you please provide me with the year when Furious 7 began principal photography?,Furious 7 began principal photography in the summer of 2013.
FALSE,Who is the head of government in the birthplace of one of the famous guitar players that Billy Connolly shares an instrument with?,The head of government in the birthplace of one of the famous guitar players that Billy Connolly shares an instrument with is the *governor* of *Arizona*.
FALSE,"In 1830, which city or town had the highest population among St. Louis, Warsaw, Litchfield, and Cambridge, all of which are cities or towns?","Among the given cities and towns, *St. Louis* had the highest population in 1830."
TRUE,Could you tell me what industry Diego Luna works in?,Diego Luna works in the film industry.
TRUE,"Among the Aegean Sea, Caribbean Sea, Mediterranean Sea, and Adriatic Sea, which sea has the smallest area in square kilometers?","Among the given seas, the *Aegean Sea* has the smallest area in square kilometers. Its area is 214,000 square kilometers, which is the smallest among all the given seas. The Caribbean Sea has an area of 2,754,000 square kilometers, the Mediterranean Sea has an area of 2,500,000 square kilometers, and the Adriatic Sea has an area of 132,000 square kilometers. Therefore, the *Aegean Sea* has the smallest area among all the given seas in square kilometers."
TRUE,"Which region of Italy had the highest population as of September 30, 2015, and what was the difference in population between that region and the region with the lowest population among Sardinia, Sicily, and Calabria?","*Sicily* had the highest population among Sardinia, Sicily, and Calabria as of September 30, 2015. Its population was 5,077,487, which was higher than Sardinia's population of 1,658,649 and Calabria's population of 1,972,149. Therefore, Sicily had the highest population among the given regions. The difference in population between Sicily and Sardinia was 3,418,838, while the difference in population between Sicily and Calabria was 3,105,338."
FALSE,Which films were nominated for the National Society of Film Critics Award for Best Supporting Actor and produced by 20th Century Fox?,"The films that were nominated for the National Society of Film Critics Award for Best Supporting Actor and produced by 20th Century Fox are ""The Sound of Music,"" ""The Wizard of Oz,"" and ""Gone with the Wind."""
FALSE,"Among the five countries with the largest total area in 2021, which country has the smallest total area, according to official statistics?","Among the five countries with the largest total area in 2021, *China* has the smallest total area, according to official statistics."
FALSE,Can you please tell me the official language of the country that had diplomatic relations with Saudi Arabia in 1999 and had a life expectancy of 68.3 years and a total fertility rate of 2.216?,"The country that had diplomatic relations with Saudi Arabia in 1999, had a life expectancy of 68.3 years, and a total fertility rate of 2.216 is Mongolia, and the official language of Mongolia is *Chinese language*."
FALSE,"What was the military branch of the head of government of the country where Billy Crudup is a citizen, and when was it established?","The military branch of the head of government of the country where Billy Crudup is a citizen was the United States Army, which was established on *July 4, 1776*."
TRUE,Could you provide information on Anne Hathaway's profession and any awards she has received?,Anne Hathaway is an awarded actress.
FALSE,Which country had the lowest total fertility rate in the year 2005?,Togo had the lowest total fertility rate in the year 2005.
FALSE,"What was the population of the capital of the county that shares a border with Tazewell County as of January 1, 2010?","The population of the capital of the county that shares a border with Tazewell County, Bloomington, was *120,000* as of January 1, 2010."
TRUE,Could you inform me if there is a TV series called American Horror Story?,There is a TV series called American Horror Story.
FALSE,Can you explain why Telemundo cannot be considered as an American television network?,Telemundo is incapable of being an American television network.
FALSE,"Among the four cities of Truro, Lincoln, Nanjing, and Modena, which city had the highest population in 2016?","Among the given cities, *Lincoln* had the highest population in 2016. Its population was 280,364, which was the highest among all the given cities. Modena had a population of 184,960, Truro had a population of 21,555, and Nanjing had a population of 6,320,000. Therefore, *Lincoln* had the highest population among all the given cities in 2016."
FALSE,Can you provide the names of all the members of the Pittsburgh Pirates who are citizens of the United States of America?,"The members of the Pittsburgh Pirates who are citizens of the United States of America are Frank Miller, Mark Johnson, Hal Smith, Tom McCarthy, Roy Thomas, Jim Morrison, Roy Wood, Bill Evans, and Michael Jordan."
TRUE,"Based on the population data from 2013, which county had the highest population, Douglas County, Hancock County, or Jefferson County?","Among the three administrative territorial entities, *Douglas County* had the highest population in 2013 with 136379 people."
TRUE,"Can you tell me when the Axis, one of the participants of World War II, was dissolved, abolished, or demolished?","The Axis, one of the participants of World War II, was dissolved, abolished, or demolished on *January 1, 1945*."
FALSE,"Among the three county towns of Dorchester, Reading, and Northampton, which town has the highest elevation above sea level?","Among the three county towns, *Dorchester* has the highest elevation above sea level of *70 metre*."
FALSE,Could you please inform me if Glee has ever been released on DVD?,Glee has never been released on DVD.
TRUE,Could you provide me with information on which planet is second away from the central point of the Solar System?,Venus is the second planet away from the central point of the Solar System.
FALSE,Could you clarify whether Citalopram has any other names or is it only known as Citalopram?,Citalopram is only called Citalopram.
FALSE,Could you please clarify whether Mel Brooks is actually a cat or if this is a joke?,Mel Brooks is a cat.
TRUE,"Which mountain has the highest elevation above sea level among Mount Everest, K2, Kangchenjunga, Lhotse, and Makalu?","*Mount Everest* has the highest elevation above sea level among Mount Everest, K2, Kangchenjunga, Lhotse, and Makalu."
TRUE,Could you please provide the name of the author that The Adjustment Bureau is loosely based on?,The Adjustment Bureau is loosely based on a work by an author.
TRUE,"How many out-of-school children were there in Europe in 2015, and what is the connection between this number and Lewisham?","In 2015, there were *3,177,740* out-of-school children in Europe, and Lewisham is located in the United Kingdom, which has been involved in military conflicts with the Soviet Union, a country located in Europe where the number of out-of-school children was recorded."
FALSE,Could you tell me why Jared Kushner has chosen not to work as a real estate developer?,Jared Kushner refuses to be a developer of real estate.
FALSE,Could you inform me how many FA Cups Southampton F.C. has won?,Southampton F.C. has won zero FA Cups.
TRUE,What is the difference in total fertility rate between the United States and Myanmar in 2009?,The difference in total fertility rate between the United States and Myanmar in 2009 is *0.567*.
FALSE,Could you provide me with the number of countries that border Iraq?,Iraq is bordered by nine countries.
TRUE,Can you tell me what kind of content is included in Cosmopolitan as of 2011?,Cosmopolitan as of 2011 contains content which includes articles.
FALSE,Could you tell me what profession Augustus Prew's father had?,Augustus Prew's father was a teacher.
TRUE,Could you please tell me what award Margot Kidder won in 2015?,Margot Kidder won an Emmy award in 2015.
TRUE,Can you provide the names of the films in which both Casey Affleck and Brad Pitt appeared as cast members?,"The films in which both Casey Affleck and Brad Pitt appeared as cast members are ""Ocean's Eleven,"" ""Ocean's Twelve,"" ""Ocean's Thirteen,"" and ""The Assassination of Jesse James by the Coward Robert Ford."""
TRUE,"Based on the FIFA World Rankings on June 20, 2001, which national football team had the highest ranking among Bahrain, Belarus, Spain, and Albania?","Among the given national football teams, *Spain* had the highest ranking on June 20, 2001, according to the FIFA World Rankings."
FALSE,Could you inform me if The Hunger Games is only a novel or if it has been adapted into other forms of media?,The Hunger Games is only a novel.
TRUE,Which famous people are associated with both pop music and either piano or guitar?,The famous people associated with both pop music and either piano or guitar are Enrique Iglesias and Carrie Underwood.
TRUE,"What was the total fertility rate of the United States of America in 1999, and what is the ethnic group that Oliver Hardy belongs to, and where are they distributed?","The total fertility rate of the United States of America in 1999 was *2.0075*. Oliver Hardy belongs to the ethnic group of *Scottish Americans*, who are distributed in the *United States of America*."
FALSE,"Among the cities of Zaragoza, Seville, Valencia, and Madrid, which city had the highest population count as of January 1, 2018, determined by the register office?","Among the given cities, *Valencia* had the highest population count as of January 1, 2018, determined by the register office. Its population count was 1,234,567, which was the highest among all the given cities. Zaragoza had a population count of 666,880, Seville had a population count of 688,711, and Madrid had a population count of 2,345,678. Therefore, *Valencia* had the highest population count among all the given cities as of January 1, 2018, determined by the register office."
TRUE,Which film released in Russia features Ray Romano as a cast member?,The film released in Russia that features Ray Romano as a cast member is *Funny People*.
FALSE,Could you clarify whether X-Men: Apocalypse is a movie or just a comic book?,X-Men: Apocalypse is only a comic book.
FALSE,Could you please clarify whether David Carradine has ever collaborated with Quentin Tarantino?,David Carradine has never worked with Quentin Tarantino.
FALSE,Can you provide the names of films that Mary Kay Place acted in and that have English as the original language of the film or TV show?,"The films that meet the given criteria are ""Nine Lives,"" ""Being John Malkovich,"" and ""The Lion King."""
TRUE,Could you please tell me whether Sarah Paulson received an Academy Award nomination?,Sarah Paulson was nominated for an Academy Award.
FALSE,"Among the five feature films, The Shawshank Redemption, The Godfather, The Dark Knight, Forrest Gump, and The Lord of the Rings: The Return of the King, which movie has the longest duration?","Among the given feature films, *The Godfather* has the longest duration."
FALSE,Which countries have both military conflicts with the Soviet Union and diplomatic relations with Cape Verde?,"The countries that meet the given criteria are Japan, China, and South Korea."
FALSE,Could you inform me whether Betsy Hodges was elected or not?,Betsy Hodges was not elected.
TRUE,"Based on the register office determination method, which city had the highest population in 2012-01-01 among Seville, Barcelona, Bilbao, and Valencia?","Among the given cities, *Barcelona* had the highest population in 2012-01-01, determined by the register office determination method. Its population was 1620943, which was the highest among all the given cities. Seville had a population of 702355, Bilbao had a population of 351629, and Valencia had a population of 797028. Therefore, *Barcelona* had the highest population among all the given cities in 2012-01-01, determined by the register office determination method."
TRUE,"Among the cities of Tupelo, Corvallis, and Hillsboro, which city had the highest population in 2000, determined by the census?","Among the given cities, *Hillsboro* had the highest population in 2000, determined by the census."
FALSE,Could you explain the inspiration behind the movie Father of the Bride and whether it was based on a true story?,Father of the Bride was based on the true story of Kimberly Williams.
TRUE,"Which state had the highest population in 1990 among South Dakota, Texas, South Carolina, and Massachusetts, and what was the difference between the highest and the lowest population?","Among the given states, *Texas* had the highest population in 1990, with a population of 16,986,510. Massachusetts had the second-highest population with 6,016,425, followed by South Carolina with 3,486,703, and South Dakota with 696,004. Therefore, *Texas* had the highest population among all the given states in 1990. The difference between the highest and the lowest population was 16,290,506 (16,986,510 - 696,004)."
FALSE,Which famous people are associated with both rock music and guitar?,The famous people associated with both rock music and guitar are Jimi Hendrix and Taylor Swift.
FALSE,Could you provide information on the genre of the Funny Girl film?,Funny Girl (film) is a musical television show.
TRUE,Can you inform me whether Gone Girl is considered an artistic work?,Gone Girl is an artistic work.
FALSE,Could you provide more information on how many reigns Philip V of Spain had?,Philip V of Spain had three reigns.
TRUE,"What was the total fertility rate of Libya in 1999, and which country has diplomatic relations with Germany, where the city twinned with Tyler is located, and where Chris Carter was born?","The total fertility rate of Libya in 1999 was *3.038*. Germany, where the city twinned with Tyler is located, and where Chris Carter was born, has diplomatic relations with *Libya*."
TRUE,Which films directed by Roman Polanski were released in Ireland?,"The films directed by Roman Polanski that were released in Ireland are ""Carnage"" and ""Oliver Twist."""
FALSE,"Based on the population data from 1919, which of the following had the highest population: the United States of America, California, South Dakota, Vilnius, or Aachen?","Among the given options, *Vilnius* had the highest population in 1919, with a population of 128,500. California had a population of 3,339,000, South Dakota had a population of 606,000, the United States of America had a population of 104,514,000, and Aachen had a population of 145,748. Therefore, Vilnius had the highest population among all the given options in 1919."
TRUE,Which music genres have both The B-52's and Siouxsie and the Banshees as famous people?,"The music genres that have both The B-52's and Siouxsie and the Banshees as famous people are ""post-punk,"" ""new wave,"" and ""alternative rock."""
TRUE,"Which city of New York has a larger area, Elmira or Yonkers?",*Yonkers* has a larger area than Elmira.
FALSE,Could you inform me whether Grey's Anatomy has ever received an Emmy nomination?,Grey's Anatomy has not received an Emmy nominations.
FALSE,Can you provide the names of famous people who are associated with both rhythm and blues and soul music?,The famous people who are associated with both rhythm and blues and soul music are Michael Jackson and Whitney Houston.
TRUE,"Among the three instances of Kinshasa, Republic of the Congo, and Thailand in 1970, which had the highest population?","Among the given instances, *Thailand* had the highest population in 1970."
FALSE,Can you provide the names of individuals who were poets and played cricket?,The individuals who meet the given criteria are William Shakespeare and J.K. Rowling.
TRUE,Could you please tell me which role Elizabeth Banks reprised?,Elizabeth Banks reprised a previous role.
TRUE,Would you mind telling me which age group Nickelodeon's programs are targeted at?,Nickelodeon has programs targeted at younger children.
FALSE,"Based on the Human Development Index in 2011, which country had the highest score among Ukraine, Bolivia, Cyprus, and Cape Verde, and what was the difference between the highest and the lowest scores?","Among the given countries, *Ukraine* had the highest Human Development Index score of 0.738 in 2011, followed by Cyprus with a score of 0.647, Bolivia with a score of 0.852, and Cape Verde with a score of 0.637. Therefore, the difference between the highest and the lowest scores is 0.101 (0.738-0.637)."
TRUE,"Can you tell me when Freemasonry was established, and which notable person with tuberculosis was a member of it, given that Nantes is a city that depicts travel and travel is a risk factor for tuberculosis?","Freemasonry was established in *1700*, and George Washington, who had tuberculosis, was a member of it."
TRUE,"Based on the population data from 1961, which sovereign state had the highest population, and how many times larger was its population than that of the sovereign state with the smallest population, Tuvalu?","Among the given sovereign states, *Mexico* had the highest population in 1961, with a population of 39,939,271, which was approximately *6,400 times* larger than that of Tuvalu, the sovereign state with the smallest population."
TRUE,Which genre(s) of rock music have both Steve Howe and Jim Morrison as famous people associated with them?,"Both ""hard rock"" and ""psychedelic rock"" have Steve Howe and Jim Morrison as famous people associated with them."
FALSE,Could you inform me whether Zach Galifianakis was considered for a role in The Campaign?,Zach Galifianakis was passed over for a role in The Campaign.
FALSE,"Among the four entities of Kinshasa, East Prussia, Bavaria, and Georgia, which entity had the highest population in 1939?","Among the given entities, *East Prussia* had the highest population in 1939."
FALSE,Could you provide information on when The Jacksons ended?,The Jacksons ended in 1965.
FALSE,Could you please tell me the title of Solange Knowles's first studio album?,Solange Knowles's first studio album is A Seat at the Table.
FALSE,Could you please correct the statement that Snoop Dogg is from Boston?,Snoop Dogg is from Boston.
FALSE,What awards has Lily Tomlin received and what is the headquarters location of Columbia Pictures?,"Lily Tomlin has received the *Academy Award for Best Actress* and the *Golden Globe Award*, and the headquarters location of Columbia Pictures is *Hollywood*."
TRUE,Could you provide me with information on where Game of Thrones (season 3) was broadcast?,Game of Thrones (season 3) was broadcast in North America.
TRUE,"Which sovereign state had the highest population in 1975 among Kenya, Albania, Tanzania, Rwanda, and Colombia?","Among the given sovereign states, *Colombia* had the highest population in 1975."
FALSE,Could you provide me with the name of the actress who starred in the movie Atlantic City?,Atlantic City starred an actress named Michel Piccoli.
TRUE,"What is the field of occupation of the cast member of the movie ""Twister"" named Jeremy Davies?","The field of occupation of the cast member of the movie ""Twister"" named Jeremy Davies is *acting*."
TRUE,How many children did the head of government of the country where Warwick is located have?,"The head of government of the country where Warwick is located, William Howard Taft, had *three* children."
FALSE,"Among Mount Everest, K2, Kangchenjunga, Lhotse, and Makalu, which mountain has the highest elevation above sea level?",*K2* has the highest elevation above sea level among the given mountains.
TRUE,Could you please clarify what type of work or industry Hilary Swank produces in?,Hilary Swank is a person who produces.
TRUE,Which music genres have both Dannii Minogue and Sarah Brightman as famous people?,"The music genres that have both Dannii Minogue and Sarah Brightman as famous people are ""electronica,"" ""disco,"" and ""pop music."""
TRUE,"Which province of the Netherlands has the largest area, and how much larger is it than the province with the smallest area among South Holland, Utrecht, and North Holland?","*North Holland* has the largest area among the given provinces of the Netherlands, with an area of 4091.76 square kilometers. It is larger than the province with the smallest area, Utrecht, by 2705.76 square kilometers. Utrecht has an area of 1386 square kilometers, and South Holland has an area of 3418.5 square kilometers."
TRUE,Can you provide the names of films that were released in Ireland and filmed in Edinburgh?,"The films that meet the given criteria are ""Young Adam"" and ""Cloud Atlas."""
TRUE,Can you provide the names of films that were nominated for the MTV Movie Award for Best Breakthrough Performance and distributed by Paramount Pictures?,"The films that were nominated for the MTV Movie Award for Best Breakthrough Performance and distributed by Paramount Pictures are ""Forrest Gump,"" ""Super 8,"" ""Transformers,"" ""Star Trek,"" and ""Up in the Air."""
TRUE,Can you provide the names of films produced by Ben Affleck and with English as the original language of the film or TV show?,"The films that meet the given criteria are ""Argo"" and ""Gone Baby Gone."""
TRUE,Could you please inform me who Claire Danes is married to?,Claire Danes is wedded to Hugh Dancy.
FALSE,Could you provide some information on Jing Tian's acting abilities?,Jing Tian is incapable of acting.
TRUE,Can you tell me how many Italian speakers were there in 2012 in the country that shares a border with Luton?,"In 2012, there were *64,819,790* Italian speakers in the United Kingdom, which shares a border with Hemel Hempstead, a town adjacent to Luton."
FALSE,Could you inform me how many studio albums Richard Fortus has recorded with Guns N' Roses?,Richard Fortus has recorded zero studio albums with Guns N' Roses.
FALSE,Which three people won the Golden Globe Award for Best Screenplay?,"The three people who won the Golden Globe Award for Best Screenplay are *Charlie Kaufman, Claude Berri, and Martin Scorsese*."
FALSE,Could you please provide the birthdate of Janelle Mone?,"Janelle Mone was conceived on December 1st, 1985."
FALSE,"Based on the estimation, which city had the highest population among Nuremberg, Frankfurt, Bremen, Brunswick, and Ulm as of December 31, 2016?","Among the given cities, *Nuremberg* had the highest population as of December 31, 2016, determined by the estimation process."
FALSE,Can you provide information on whether there have been any female actors in the cast of 10 Cloverfield Lane?,10 Cloverfield Lane has only ever starred male actors.
TRUE,Could you provide information on the deluxe edition of Paramore and what it entails?,There was a deluxe edition of Paramore.
FALSE,"Could you inform me where Doctor Who is from, since it is not Britain?",Doctor Who is not from Britain.
FALSE,What is the basic form of government of the country that was involved in military conflicts with South Vietnam and has a Catholic majority?,The country that was involved in military conflicts with South Vietnam and has a Catholic majority has a *monarchy* system of government.
TRUE,Can you provide the names of films that have been released in Greece and feature Jude Law as a cast member?,"The films that meet the given criteria are ""Sherlock Holmes: A Game of Shadows,"" ""Hugo,"" ""Anna Karenina,"" and ""Sherlock Holmes."""
TRUE,Could you provide information on what Eurojust does in terms of judicial co-operation?,Eurojust deals with judicial co-operation in criminal matters.
FALSE,Which films were released in Singapore and starred Viola Davis?,"The films that meet the given criteria are ""The Hunger Games,"" ""Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone,"" and ""The Lord of the Rings: The Fellowship of the Ring."""
TRUE,"What was the total fertility rate of the United States of America in 1999, and who was the cast member of The Incredible Hulk who is a citizen of the United States of America?","The total fertility rate of the United States of America in 1999 was *2.0075*, and the cast member of The Incredible Hulk who is a citizen of the United States of America is *Neal McDonough*."
FALSE,"Can you name a film that was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Director and had Keith David as a cast member, and another film that was nominated for the same award but did not have Keith David as a cast member?","The film that meets the given criteria is ""The Godfather,"" and the film that was nominated for the same award but did not have Keith David as a cast member is ""The Shawshank Redemption."""
TRUE,Could you please clarify Jared Kushner's profession or occupation?,Jared Kushner is a newspaper owner.
TRUE,Could you inform me if Natalie Portman appeared in the Star Wars prequels?,Natalie Portman was in the Star Wars prequels.
FALSE,Could you tell me if Oliver Reed was cast in Funny Bones?,Oliver Reed failed to be cast in Funny Bones.
FALSE,Which music genres have both Kelly Osbourne and Skillet as famous people?,"The music genres that have both Kelly Osbourne and Skillet as famous people are ""country music"" and ""classical music."""
TRUE,Which awards have both Lucy Liu and Cate Blanchett won for Outstanding Performance by a Cast in a Motion Picture?,Both Lucy Liu and Cate Blanchett have won the Screen Actors Guild Award for Outstanding Performance by a Cast in a Motion Picture and the Broadcast Film Critics Association Award for Best Cast.
TRUE,Could you tell me what professions Denis Leary is involved in?,Denis Leary is a producer and singer.
FALSE,Could you provide me with some information about The Voice?,The Voice is a fantasy show.
FALSE,"Based on the population data from 2016, which of the following has the highest population: Denmark, Vienna, or Styria?","Among the given options, *Vienna* has the highest population with 1,863,881 people as of 2016."
TRUE,Could you reveal what other name Calvin Harris goes by?,Calvin Harris also goes by another name.
TRUE,Could you tell me why The Great Gatsby is considered a literary classic?,The Great Gatsby is considered to be a literary classic.
TRUE,Can you provide the names of films or TV shows that feature both John Michael Higgins and Oliver Platt as cast members?,"The films or TV shows that feature both John Michael Higgins and Oliver Platt as cast members are ""Bicentennial Man"" and ""The Good Wife."""
TRUE,Could you please provide some information on who Tyrion Lannister is?,Tyrion Lannister is a character.
TRUE,Could you please inform me what type of group Green Day is?,Green Day is a music group.
FALSE,Could you tell me who the father of Farbauti and Laufey is?,Loki is the father of Farbauti and Laufey.
FALSE,Could you explain what is meant by the statement that Generation X lacks a cohort?,Generation X lacks a cohort.
FALSE,"Can you provide the names of famous people who are associated with all three music genres: rhythm and blues, rock music, and rock and roll?",The famous people who are associated with all three music genres are Chuck Berry and Patti LaBelle.
FALSE,Could you please inform me if Atomic Blonde is based on a book or a movie?,Atomic Blonde is based on a movie.
FALSE,Could you please define what a near-Earth object is?,A near-Earth object is one whose orbit brings it away from Earth.
TRUE,Which films that deal with racism were released in the United Kingdom?,"The films that deal with racism and were released in the United Kingdom are ""The Believer,"" ""Borat,"" and ""Remember the Titans."""
FALSE,Could you please inform me if Kyra Sedgwick has ever had a role in a series?,Kyra Sedgwick has yet to have a role in a series.
TRUE,Can you tell me which short story Furia is adapted from and who the novelist is?,Furia is adapted from a short story by a novelist.
FALSE,"Which county of Wisconsin was established the latest among Dane County, Milwaukee County, and Polk County?","*Dane County* was established the latest among Dane County, Milwaukee County, and Polk County."
FALSE,"What is the IETF language tag for the English language spoken, written or signed by Anthony Minghella?","The IETF language tag for the English language spoken, written or signed by Anthony Minghella is *en-US*."
FALSE,What was studied by engineering during the construction of Taj Mahal?,"During the construction of Taj Mahal, engineering studied the *design* of the monument."
TRUE,"Who is the cast member of ""The Informant!"" that has the same occupation as a voice actor and is a citizen of the United States of America?","The cast member of ""The Informant!"" that has the same occupation as a voice actor and is a citizen of the United States of America is *Clancy Brown*."
FALSE,Could you please tell me when That's So Raven ended its run?,"That's So Raven ended its run on July 10, 2007."
FALSE,Can you tell me why Elizabeth Banks has refused to work with Michael Showalter?,Elizabeth Banks has refused to work with Michael Showalter.
FALSE,Could you please provide me with the date of Ann Biderman's passing?,"Ann Biderman died on August 15th, 1950."
FALSE,Can you provide information on the background of Carol Danvers and the fictional setting she is a part of?,Carol Danvers is a fictional setting.
TRUE,Which films were released in New Zealand and starred Viggo Mortensen?,"The films that meet the given criteria are ""A Dangerous Method,"" ""The Lord of the Rings: The Fellowship of the Ring,"" ""Good,"" ""The Lord of the Rings: The Two Towers,"" ""The Lord of the Rings: The Return of the King,"" and ""On the Road."""
TRUE,"Which television station has been in operation for the longest time, and which one has been in operation for the shortest time among CNBC, NBC, BBC Three, and BBC One?","Among the given television stations, *NBC* has been in operation for the longest time, having been founded on June 19, 1926. On the other hand, *BBC Three* has been in operation for the shortest time, having been founded on February 9, 2003. CNBC was founded on April 17, 1989, and BBC One was founded on November 2, 1936."
TRUE,"Based on the population data from June 30th, 2017, which of the following has the highest population: Lombardy, Basel, Sweden, or Bern?","Among the given regions and towns, *Lombardy* has the highest population with 10,023,876 people as of June 30th, 2017."
FALSE,Could you provide information on what Red Headed Stranger is and what it's about?,Red Headed Stranger is a movie.
FALSE,"Based on the population data from 1980, which city had the highest population among Bochum, Bonn, Erfurt, and Jena, and by how much was it higher than the city with the second-highest population?","Among the given cities, *Erfurt* had the highest population in 1980, with a population of 211575, which was *76583* higher than the city with the second-highest population, Jena."
TRUE,Can you tell me what sport is associated with CF Pachuca and who practices it?,"CF Pachuca is associated with the sport of *association football*, which is practiced by *association football managers*."
FALSE,Could you inform me about the roles that Tate Ellington has played throughout his career?,Tate Ellington has only ever played Jack Ryan.
TRUE,Can you tell me which role Mel Gibson played in the film Gallipoli?,Mel Gibson acted in a lead role in the film Gallipoli.
TRUE,"Can you tell me the nationality of Steven Tyler, the musician?",Steven Tyler is an American musician.
FALSE,Could you inform me whether Damon Albarn has released any studio albums?,Damon Albarn has yet to release any studio albums.
TRUE,"Based on the national estimation in 2014, which sovereign state had the highest number of out-of-school children, and how many more out-of-school children did it have than the sovereign state with the lowest number of out-of-school children, which is also a sovereign state?","Among the given sovereign states, *Pakistan* had the highest number of out-of-school children, with 21556987 more out-of-school children than Palau, the sovereign state with the lowest number of out-of-school children."
TRUE,Can you tell me where the headquarters of the organization that provided the total fertility rate of Azerbaijan is located?,"The headquarters of the organization that provided the total fertility rate of Azerbaijan, which is the World Bank, is located in *Washington, D.C.*."
TRUE,Which films have a film release region of Egypt and share the same production designer?,"The films that meet the given criteria are ""Iron Man"" and ""Iron Man 2."""
FALSE,"Based on the population data from 1990, which city had the highest population among the five cities of Kassel, Wiesbaden, Jena, Duisburg, and Dortmund?","Among the given cities, *Wiesbaden* had the highest population in 1990, with a population of 260,301. Kassel had a population of 194,268, Jena had a population of 102,518, Duisburg had a population of 535,447, and Dortmund had a population of 599,055. Therefore, *Wiesbaden* had the highest population among all the given cities in 1990."
TRUE,Could you inform me which company holds the title of the world's largest information technology company by revenue?,Apple Inc. is the world's largest information technology company by revenue.
FALSE,Could you please tell me the birth month and year of Jennifer Aniston?,Jennifer Aniston was born in March of 1969.
FALSE,Which individuals in the given knowledge were members of the Republican Party and received the Grammy Lifetime Achievement Award?,"The individuals that meet the given criteria are ""Elvis Presley,"" ""Michael Jackson,"" and ""Whitney Houston."""
TRUE,"Could you please inform me on what basis Kick-Ass is created, and who is the writer of the comic book?",A comic book by a Scottish writer is what Kick-Ass is based on.
FALSE,"Among the sovereign states of Senegal, Suriname, and Mali, which country had the highest population in 1985?","Among the given sovereign states, *Senegal* had the highest population in 1985."
FALSE,Can you provide information on what Woody Allen did in 1977 involving an orchestra?,Woody Allen directed an orchestra in 1977.
TRUE,"What was the population of Nazi Germany in 1941, the year when Max Fleischer died in Dresden?","The population of Nazi Germany in 1941, the year when Max Fleischer died in Dresden, was *90000000*."
TRUE,Can you inform me which album is Warm Leatherette in Grace Jones's discography?,Warm Leatherette is Grace Jones's fourth album.
TRUE,Which films were both nominated for the BAFTA Award for Best Sound and released in the People's Republic of China?,"The films that meet the given criteria are ""Terminator 2: Judgment Day,"" ""The Lord of the Rings: The Two Towers,"" ""Batman Begins,"" ""Skyfall,"" ""The Lion King,"" ""House of Flying Daggers,"" and ""The Lord of the Rings: The Return of the King."""
FALSE,Could you please inform me about Jared Kushner's profession or line of business?,Jared Kushner is a business owner.
FALSE,What is the total area of the administrative territorial entities that Grand Teton National Park is located in?,"The total area of the administrative territorial entities that Grand Teton National Park is located in is *50,000 square kilometers*."
FALSE,"Which city has the highest population among Mantua, Bari, Genoa, Milan, and Verona, as of January 1, 2017, determined by demographic balance?","Among the given cities, *Genoa* has the highest population as of January 1, 2017, determined by demographic balance. Its population was 1,351,562, which was the highest among all the given cities. Bari had a population of 324,198, Milan had a population of 1,351,562, Verona had a population of 257,353, and Mantua had a population of 49,308. Therefore, *Genoa* has the highest population among all the given cities as of January 1, 2017, determined by demographic balance."
TRUE,"Based on the given knowledge, which had a higher population in 1971, Uruguay or Rabat?","It is not possible to compare the population of a sovereign state with that of a city. Therefore, a quantitative comparison cannot be made between the population of Uruguay and Rabat in 1971."
FALSE,"Among the given cities and administrative territorial entities, which one had the highest population in 2012-01-01?","Among the given cities and administrative territorial entities, *Beirut* had the highest population in 2012-01-01."
FALSE,Could you please clarify whether Citalopram has any other names or is it only called Citalopram?,Citalopram is only called Citalopram.
TRUE,Which countries have diplomatic relations with both Cyprus and Tunisia?,"The countries that have diplomatic relations with both Cyprus and Tunisia are Italy, Taiwan, United States of America, Saudi Arabia, Israel, Serbia, Russia, Germany, Algeria, and People's Republic of China."
FALSE,"Among the independent cities of Lexington, Hampton, Norfolk, Virginia Beach, and Williamsburg, which city has the earliest inception year?","Among the given independent cities, *Virginia Beach* has the earliest inception year. It was founded in 1600, making it the oldest among all the given cities. Williamsburg was founded in 1638, Lexington was founded in 1777, Norfolk was founded in 1682, and Hampton was founded in 1615. Therefore, *Virginia Beach* has the earliest inception year among all the given independent cities."
TRUE,Could you give me some information about Philip V of Spain's leadership?,Philip V of Spain was a leader.
TRUE,"Among the anime television series Yu-Gi-Oh! Duel Monsters, Dragon Ball, and The Three Musketeers, which series had the longest run time before ending?","Among the given anime television series, *Yu-Gi-Oh! Duel Monsters* had the longest run time before ending. It ended on September 29, 2004, while Dragon Ball ended on April 12, 1989, and The Three Musketeers ended on February 17, 1989. Therefore, *Yu-Gi-Oh! Duel Monsters* had the longest run time before ending among all the given anime television series."
FALSE,Can you please inform me what time Hotel Hell is aired in ET/PT timezone?,Hotel Hell airs at 9 am ET/PT.
TRUE,"Among the three countries Niger, Bulgaria, and Mauritania, which country had the highest population in 1998?","Among the given countries, *Niger* had the highest population in 1998. Its population was 10,215,806, which was the highest among all the given countries. Bulgaria had a population of 8,256,786, and Mauritania had a population of 2,550,307. Therefore, *Niger* had the highest population among all the given countries in 1998."
TRUE,"Which country has a larger population, the United States or China?",*China* has a larger population than the United States.
FALSE,Could you please provide the release year of J.Lo (album)?,J.Lo (album) was released before 2001.
FALSE,What is the basic form of government in the country where Richard Jenkins is a citizen?,"Richard Jenkins is a citizen of the Kingdom of Great Britain, which has a basic form of government of a *federal state*."
TRUE,Which music genres are associated with both Lenny Kravitz and Gary Moore?,"The music genres that are associated with both Lenny Kravitz and Gary Moore are ""pop rock,"" ""heavy metal,"" ""psychedelic rock,"" ""hard rock,"" ""blues,"" ""blues rock,"" ""rock music,"" and ""guitar."""
FALSE,"Which military branch has been in existence for a longer period of time, the United States Marine Corps or the Royal Australian Air Force?","The *Royal Australian Air Force* has been in existence for a longer period of time than the United States Marine Corps. The Royal Australian Air Force was founded in 1921, while the United States Marine Corps was founded in 1775. Therefore, the Royal Australian Air Force has been in existence for *146 years* longer than the United States Marine Corps."
TRUE,"Among Baltimore County, Arlington County, Albemarle County, Pinellas County, and San Joaquin County, which county had the highest population as of July 1, 2013, determined by the estimation process?","Among the given counties, *Baltimore County* had the highest population as of July 1, 2013, determined by the estimation process. Its population was 823,015, which was the highest among all the given counties. Arlington County had a population of 224,906, Albemarle County had a population of 103,000, Pinellas County had a population of 929,048, and San Joaquin County had a population of 704,379. Therefore, *Baltimore County* had the highest population among all the given counties as of July 1, 2013, determined by the estimation process."
TRUE,"Among the four capitals, which one had the highest population in 2009-01-01, and how does it compare to the population of the European Union, which is an administrative territorial entity?","Among the four capitals, *Moscow* had the highest population in 2009-01-01. Its population was 11,281,631, which was the highest among all the given capitals. Luxembourg had a population of 88,586, Nairobi had a population of 3,138,369, and Moscow had a population of 11,281,631. Compared to the population of the European Union, which was 497,780,439, Moscow's population was much smaller."
FALSE,Could you inform me of the new release date for The Smurfs (film)?,The release date of The Smurfs (film) was pushed back to July 2012.
FALSE,"Could you please provide information on which record label originally released Unison, the album by Celine Dion?",Unison (Celine Dion album) was originally released by Warner Music Group.
TRUE,Could you please provide more information on what Roberto Orci wrote?,Roberto Orci wrote.
TRUE,Can you provide the genres of music that both Eve and Lily Allen are famous for?,"The genres of music that both Eve and Lily Allen are famous for are ""pop music"" and ""reggae."""
TRUE,Could you provide more information on how Extracorporeal shockwave therapy (ESWT) is used in cardiology?,Extracorporeal shockwave therapy (ESWT) is used in cardiology.
TRUE,"Among Mount Everest, K2, Kangchenjunga, Lhotse, and Makalu, which mountain has the highest elevation above sea level?",*Mount Everest* has the highest elevation above sea level among the given mountains.
FALSE,Could you please tell me the ethnicity of Jamie Lee Curtis' mother?,Jamie Lee Curtis' mother is a Palestinian.
TRUE,Could you please provide information on Sage Stallone's profession and nationality?,Sage Stallone was an American film producer.
TRUE,Could you inform me who Zeus is in ancient Greek mythology and what his role is?,Zeus is the ancient Greek god of thunder.
TRUE,"Among Guinea, Liechtenstein, Israel, Egypt, and the United Kingdom, which country had the highest nominal GDP in United States dollars in 1990?","Among the given sovereign states, *the United Kingdom* had the highest nominal GDP in United States dollars in 1990."
TRUE,Could you provide information on which single is included in the album American Idiot?,"American Idiot includes the single ""American Idiot."""
TRUE,Can you provide the names of films that were nominated for the Broadcast Film Critics Association Award for Best Comedy Film and had their film release region in India?,"The films that meet the given criteria are ""Silver Linings Playbook,"" ""Ted,"" ""The Hangover,"" and ""21 Jump Street."""
FALSE,"Which Winter Olympic Games had the longest duration, and how many days did it last, among the 1948, 1972, and 2010 Winter Olympic Games?","The 1948 Winter Olympic Games had the longest duration, lasting for *30 days*."
TRUE,"Among the United States Military Academy, Virginia Military Institute, and United States Naval Academy, which public educational institution of the United States had the highest number of students?","Among the given public educational institutions of the United States, *United States Military Academy* had the highest number of students. It had 4487 students, which was higher than the number of students in Virginia Military Institute (1378) and United States Naval Academy (4400)."
TRUE,"Can you tell me the date of death of the head of government of the country where the Academy Award for Best Cinematography is awarded, who was nominated for the award for the movie Rain Man?","The head of government of the United States of America, James Buchanan, who was in power in 1868, died on *June 1, 1868*."
TRUE,Could you inform me in which country Take a Bow was released?,Take a Bow was released in the United States.
FALSE,Could you explain why Snoop Dogg cannot be involved with Death Row Records?,Snoop Dogg is incapable of being involved with Death Row Records.
TRUE,Can you provide me with the name of the director of Zootopia?,Zootopia was directed by a person.
FALSE,Could you inform me why The Gifted was not based on Marvel Comics' X-Men properties?,The Gifted failed to be based on Marvel Comics' X-Men properties.
FALSE,Could you provide information on Ryan Phillippe's relationship status throughout his life?,Ryan Phillippe has been single his whole life.
FALSE,"Among the towns of Framingham, Kensington, Greenwich, Concord, and Litchfield, which town has the highest elevation above sea level, and how much higher is it compared to the town with the lowest elevation?","Among the given towns, *Kensington* has the highest elevation above sea level, which is 87 meters. The town with the lowest elevation is Framingham, which is only 50 meters above sea level. Therefore, Kensington's elevation is *37 meters higher* than Framingham's elevation."
TRUE,Could you provide me with the names of some of the artists Rob Cavallo has worked with in his career?,"Rob Cavallo has worked with Green Day, Linkin Park, My Chemical Romance, Eric Clapton, and the Goo Goo Dolls."
FALSE,Could you please provide me with the specific year when Loni Love graduated?,Loni Love graduated in a year before 1980.
TRUE,Can you please tell me the name of the famous landmark in the city that is twinned with the city that is twinned with the city that is twinned with the city that is twinned with the city that has a population of 4028028 and is located in Egypt?,The famous landmark in the city that is twinned with the city that is twinned with the city that is twinned with the city that is twinned with the city that has a population of 4028028 and is located in Egypt is the *Library of Alexandria*.
FALSE,"Based on the census data from 1910, which state had the highest population among Rhode Island, Massachusetts, and Georgia?","Among the three states of Rhode Island, Massachusetts, and Georgia, *Georgia* had the highest population in 1910, according to the census data. Its population was 2,609,121, which was higher than Massachusetts's population of 3,366,416 and Rhode Island's population of 542,610."
FALSE,What is the name of the organization that Rollins College is registered with?,Rollins College is registered with the *United States Department of Education*.
FALSE,Could you clarify Mariah Carey's country of origin?,Mariah Carey is exclusively from Colombia.
TRUE,"Among the four films, Gone with the Wind, Murder on the Orient Express, Good Night, and Good Luck, and TMNT, which film was published earliest in Greece?","Among the four films, *Gone with the Wind* was published earliest in Greece. It was published on December 16, 1940, in Greece. Murder on the Orient Express was published on March 6, 1975, in Greece. Good Night, and Good Luck was published on January 5, 2006, in Greece. TMNT was published on March 29, 2007, in Greece. Therefore, *Gone with the Wind* was published earliest in Greece among all the given films."
TRUE,What position does a player need to play in the sport that the Calgary Flames team plays?,"A player needs to play the position of *goaltender* in the sport that the Calgary Flames team plays, which is ice hockey."
TRUE,"Which animated series started airing first, Family Guy, SpongeBob SquarePants, X-Men, or Aladdin, and what is the time difference between the start time of the earliest and latest series?","Among the given animated series, *X-Men* started airing first on 1992-10-31, and the time difference between the start time of the earliest and latest series is *26 years, 2 months, and 21 days*."
TRUE,Can you provide the names of films that were released in Singapore and received the Satellite Awards 2009?,"The films that meet the given criteria are ""A Serious Man,"" ""(500) Days of Summer,"" ""Inglourious Basterds,"" and ""2012."""
FALSE,Can you provide the names of songwriters who also play the saxophone?,"The songwriters who also play the saxophone are ""Paul McCartney,"" ""Elton John,"" and ""Billy Joel."""
FALSE,Can you provide the names of films that were nominated for the BAFTA Award for Best Direction and had Albert Finney as a cast member?,"The films that meet the given criteria are ""Murder on the Orient Express,"" ""The Bourne Ultimatum,"" and ""The Dresser."""
FALSE,"Which airport was opened first and which was opened last among Logan International Airport, Heathrow Airport, Los Angeles International Airport, Sydney Airport, and LaGuardia Airport?","Among the given airports, *Heathrow Airport* was opened first, on January 1, 1929, while *Los Angeles International Airport* was opened last, on January 1, 1937."
TRUE,Could you provide more information on why Margaret of Valois was arrested?,Margaret of Valois was arrested.
TRUE,"Which state had the highest population in 2000, Maryland, New Jersey, or Pennsylvania, and what was the difference in population between the state with the highest population and the state with the lowest population?","Among the three states, *Pennsylvania* had the highest population in 2000, with a population of 12,281,054. New Jersey had a population of 8,414,350, and Maryland had a population of 5,296,486. Therefore, *Pennsylvania* had the highest population among the three states. The difference in population between Pennsylvania and Maryland was 6,984,568, and the difference in population between Pennsylvania and New Jersey was 3,866,704."
TRUE,Which countries have diplomatic relations with both Sweden and Australia?,The countries that have diplomatic relations with both Sweden and Australia are *Taiwan and Denmark*.
TRUE,Could you please inform me of where Michael Jackson began his music career?,Michael Jackson started his music career at Motown Records.
FALSE,Can you tell me which river flows through the capital of the country that has diplomatic relations with the United States of America and has a total fertility rate of 1.13?,The river that flows through the capital of the country that has diplomatic relations with the United States of America and has a total fertility rate of 1.13 is the *Danube*.
TRUE,Could you tell me which country Patrick Cutrone is from?,Patrick Cutrone is from Italy.
FALSE,What is the KldB-2010 occupation code for the profession that Steven Berkoff is in?,"The KldB-2010 occupation code for the profession that Steven Berkoff is in is *94523* as he is a film director, which is similar to a cinematographer whose KldB-2010 occupation code is 94523."
FALSE,"Among the four countries, Switzerland, Niger, Zambia, and Tunisia, which country had the highest nominal GDP in United States dollar on January 1st, 1987?","Among the given countries, *Niger* had the highest nominal GDP in United States dollar on January 1st, 1987."
TRUE,Could you inform me which country Tanzania is?,Tanzania is a country.
TRUE,"Who was nominated for both the Academy Award for Best Actress and the Academy Award for Best Sound Mixing in the movie ""Rocky""?","The person who was nominated for both the Academy Award for Best Actress and the Academy Award for Best Sound Mixing in the movie ""Rocky"" is *unknown*."
FALSE,Could you inform me about the frequency of the organization of the CONCACAF Champions League for football clubs in Central America?,The CONCACAF Champions League is rarely organized for football clubs in Central America.
FALSE,Could you correct the statement that Harley Quinn is a town and provide accurate information about what Harley Quinn actually is?,Harley Quinn is a town.
TRUE,Could you please provide information on who was responsible for the cinematography of Far from the Madding Crowd?,The cinematography of Far from the Madding Crowd was by Nicolas Roeg.
FALSE,"Can you tell me what type of media Views is? Is it a book, a movie, or something else?",Views is a movie.
FALSE,Could you provide me with the name of the channel that aired Desperate Housewives?,Desperate Housewives aired on a channel.
TRUE,"Among the cities of Seville, Saint Petersburg, New York City, St. Louis, and San Francisco, which city had the highest population in 1950-01-01?","Among the given cities, *New York City* had the highest population in 1950-01-01."
TRUE,Could you please tell me what type of film Minions is?,Minions is an animated film.
TRUE,"Which region of Italy had the highest population in 2015-09-30, and how does it compare to the population of Naples, a city in Italy?","Among the given regions and city, *Sicily* had the highest population in 2015-09-30, with a population of 5077487. The population of Naples, a city in Italy, is significantly lower than that of Sicily."
FALSE,"Could you please provide some information on Starrcade, including when it started and what type of event it was?",Starrcade was an annual professional wrestling event that began in 1988.
FALSE,Could you tell me why Lois Lane's name was rejected from Lola Lane's name?,Lois Lane's name was rejected from Lola Lane's name.
TRUE,Could you please tell me the name of the director of Planet of the Apes?,Planet of the Apes was directed by Franklin J. Schaffner.
TRUE,"Which university has the longest history among the four universities, University of Louisiana at Monroe, Case Western Reserve University, Washington University in St. Louis, and Middlebury College, and what is the difference in years between the inception of the oldest and the newest university?","*Middlebury College* has the longest history among the four universities, and the difference in years between the inception of the oldest and the newest university is *221 years*."
TRUE,Can you provide the genres of music that both Lil Jon and David Banner are famous for?,"The genres of music that both Lil Jon and David Banner are famous for are ""rapcore,"" ""hip hop music,"" ""Crunk,"" ""Southern hip hop,"" and ""sampler."""
FALSE,Can you provide the names of films composed by Christophe Beck and nominated for the Golden Raspberry Award for Worst Actor?,"The films that meet the given criteria are ""Frozen"" and ""Ant-Man and the Wasp."""
TRUE,Could you provide me with another name for the Citadelle Laferrire?,The Citadelle Laferrire is also called the Citadelle.
FALSE,"Among the three sovereign states of Niger, Iraq, and Turkey, which country had the highest population in 1980?","Among the given sovereign states, *Niger* had the highest population in 1980."
FALSE,Can you provide the names of films that were nominated for the Screen Actors Guild Award for Outstanding Performance by a Cast in a Motion Picture and belong to the war film genre?,"The films that meet the given criteria are ""The Lion King,"" ""Aladdin,"" and ""Beauty and the Beast."""
FALSE,"Among the cities of Rostock, Frankfurt, and Espoo, which city had the highest population as of December 31, 2012?","Among the given cities, *Espoo* had the highest population as of December 31, 2012. Its population was 300,000, which was the highest among all the given cities. Rostock had a population of 200,000, and Frankfurt had a population of 600,000. Therefore, *Espoo* had the highest population among all the given cities as of December 31, 2012."
FALSE,"Based on the population data from 1923, which city had the highest population, and how does it compare to the population of the other cities?","Among the given cities, *Zurich* had the highest population in 1923, with a population of 2,040,490. Moscow had a population of 1,542,900, Yekaterinburg had a population of 97,400, and Vienna had a population of 1,500,000. Therefore, Zurich had the highest population among all the given cities in 1923."
FALSE,"Can you tell me the name of the largest city in the country where the author of the novel that The Godfather is based on was born, and when was the Academy Award for Best Director first awarded?","The author of the novel that The Godfather is based on, Mario Puzo, was born in *Rome*, which is the largest city in *Italy*. The Academy Award for Best Director was first awarded in *1935*."
TRUE,Could you provide examples of Christian states that exist in the world?,There are Christian states in the world.
TRUE,Could you tell me which North American country the principal photography for Birth of the Dragon began in?,Birth of the Dragon's principal photography began in a North American country.
FALSE,Could you tell me the location of the United States Naval Academy in relation to the Maryland state capital?,The United States Naval Academy is outside of the Maryland state capital.
TRUE,Could you provide some clarification on the path that the Nile takes and whether it passes through a forest?,The Nile drains through a forest.
TRUE,"Could you provide more information on Genghis Khan's approach towards religious tolerance, specifically between Buddhists and Protestants?",Genghis Khan encouraged tolerance between Buddhists and Protestants.
TRUE,"Which had the highest population in 1911, California, Vilnius, Milan, France, or the United States of America?","Among the given options, *the United States of America* had the highest population in 1911. Its population was 93,863,000, which was the highest among all the given options. California had a population of 2,534,000, Vilnius had a population of 238,600, Milan had a population of 701,401, and France had a population of 41,415,000. Therefore, *the United States of America* had the highest population among all the given options in 1911."
FALSE,"What is the birthdate of the actor who won the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actor for the movie ""The Untouchables""?","The birthdate of the actor who won the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actor for the movie ""The Untouchables"" is *September 24, 1957*."
TRUE,Could you provide more information on what awards John Cena has won and how many times he has won them?,John Cena is a three-time award Winner.
FALSE,Can you tell me since when the Bruins have been playing games at TD Garden?,The Bruins have played games at TD Garden since 1970.
TRUE,Could you please provide the release date for the song Calling All the Monsters?,"Calling All the Monsters was released on October 20, 2011."
FALSE,Could you clarify if Greyson Chance is still alive or if he passed away in 1997?,Greyson Chance died in 1997.
TRUE,"What was the population of the administrative territorial entity where the United States Military Academy, which is a subsidiary of the military branch that Timothy Leary served in, is located, as of April 1, 2010?","The population of Kentucky, the administrative territorial entity where the United States Military Academy, which is a subsidiary of the United States Army, the military branch that Timothy Leary served in, is located, was *4,339,367* as of April 1, 2010."
FALSE,"Among the animated series King of the Hill, Hercules, The Simpsons, Phineas and Ferb, and Tiny Toon Adventures, which series had the longest duration between its date of first performance and the year 2005?","Among the given animated series, *Phineas and Ferb* had the longest duration between its date of first performance and the year 2005. Phineas and Ferb first aired on August 17, 2007, and the year 2005 was 2 years earlier. King of the Hill first aired on January 12, 1997, and the year 2005 was 8 years earlier. Hercules first aired on March 26, 1999, and the year 2005 was 6 years earlier. The Simpsons first aired on December 17, 1989, and the year 2005 was 16 years earlier. Tiny Toon Adventures first aired on September 14, 1990, and the year 2005 was 15 years earlier. Therefore, *Phineas and Ferb* had the longest duration between its date of first performance and the year 2005 among all the given animated series."
FALSE,"Among the cities of Harbin, Vienna, and Tashkent, which city has the earliest written record, and by how many years is it earlier than the city with the second earliest written record?","*Vienna* has the earliest written record among the given cities, with a time of earliest written record of 1. Tashkent has the second earliest written record, with a time of earliest written record of -101. Harbin has the latest written record, with a time of earliest written record of 1898. Therefore, *Vienna* has the earliest written record among the given cities, and it is earlier than Tashkent's written record by 102 years."
TRUE,"Among the four public universities, University of Oxford, Royal College of Art, University of Virginia, and University of Freiburg, which university has the highest number of students?","Among the given public universities, *University of Freiburg* has the highest number of students."
FALSE,"Among Litchfield, Amsterdam, and Los Angeles County, which had the highest population in 1850?","Among the given towns and cities, *Los Angeles County* had the highest population in 1850."
FALSE,Can you provide information on what kind of media franchise SpongeBob SquarePants is?,SpongeBob SquarePants is a media franchise.
FALSE,Can you tell me which rank the American Broadcasting Company holds among broadcasting networks in terms of age?,The American Broadcasting Company is the fourth oldest broadcasting network.
TRUE,Could you provide more information on how Argentina is subdivided?,Argentina is also subdivided.
TRUE,"In 1974, which sovereign state had the highest population among Azerbaijan, Uganda, and French Polynesia, which are respectively a sovereign state, a republic, and an administrative territorial entity?","Among the given countries and territories, *Uganda* had the highest population in 1974. Its population was 10,533,820, which was the highest among all the given countries and territories. Azerbaijan had a population of 5,596,160, and French Polynesia had a population of 126,483. Therefore, *Uganda* had the highest population among all the given countries and territories in 1974."
FALSE,Could you provide information on where Drake's debut studio album debuted on the U.S. Billboard 200?,Drake's debut studio album only debuted at number five on the U.S. Billboard 200.
FALSE,Could you please inform me which region the Arrow series is available on DVD?,Arrow is available on DVD only in region 3.
FALSE,"What religion do German Americans, the ethnic group Evan Rachel Wood belongs to, follow?","German Americans, the ethnic group Evan Rachel Wood belongs to, follow the religion of *Catholicism*."
FALSE,Could you provide information about the genre and content of the music video called Legion?,Legion is an American apocalyptic music video.
TRUE,What color is the part of white that is associated with the hair color of Leelee Sobieski?,The part of white that is associated with the hair color of Leelee Sobieski is *red*.
TRUE,Could you provide more information about who Denis Leary is?,Denis Leary is a person.
TRUE,"What was the number of vehicles per capita (1000) in the European Union in 2014, and how is it related to the education of Nancy Cartwright?","In 2014, the European Union had *569* vehicles per capita (1000). Nancy Cartwright was educated at Ohio University, which is located in the United States of America, a country that has diplomatic relations with Slovenia, a member of the European Union, which had 569 vehicles per capita (1000) in 2014."
FALSE,"What was the mean age of England in 2001, and what language did Doris Lessing speak, write or sign in?","In 2001, the mean age of England was *42.3 years*, and Doris Lessing spoke, wrote or signed in *French*."
FALSE,Could you inform me whether Burundi was ever a European colony?,Burundi was not formerly a European colony.
TRUE,Could you tell me which genre and country Steve McQueen's film was from?,Steve McQueen was in a drama film of American production.
FALSE,"What is the Iconclass notation for the head of the organization that Eton College is affiliated with, where John Wells was educated?","The Iconclass notation for the head of the organization that Eton College is affiliated with, where John Wells was educated, is *12A3111*."
FALSE,"Based on the population data from 2013, which city had the highest population, and how much higher was it than the city with the lowest population among Nokia, Munich, and Kassel?","Among the given cities, *Kassel* had the highest population in 2013, with a population of 194,087. The city with the lowest population was Nokia, with a population of 32,690. Therefore, Kassel's population was *161,397* higher than Nokia's population."
TRUE,Could you please provide information on how many gold medals Serena Williams has won in the Olympics?,Serena Williams is the winner of four gold medals from the Olympics.
FALSE,Can you tell me how Bohemian Rhapsody starts?,Bohemian Rhapsody begins with an abrupt chorus.
FALSE,Could you please provide information on what kind of novels Homer Hickman has written?,Homer Hickman has written science fiction novels.
FALSE,What is the name of the record label that Patty Duke was signed to?,Patty Duke was signed to *Sony Music*.
FALSE,Could you clarify whether Broadcast News is a horror film or not?,Broadcast News is a horror film.
FALSE,"What is the ICD-9 code for skin cancer, which is a risk factor for the ethnic group that Neil Patrick Harris belongs to?","The ICD-9 code for skin cancer, which is a risk factor for the ethnic group that Neil Patrick Harris belongs to, is *173*."
TRUE,Could you provide me with the name of the actor who played Indiana Jones?,Indiana Jones has been played by Sean Patrick Flanery.
TRUE,"Which famous people are associated with soft rock, piano, and guitar, but not rock music or pop music?",The famous people that meet the given criteria are Enrique Iglesias and Peter Gabriel.
TRUE,What is the name of the administrative territorial entity that Toronto is the capital of?,Toronto is the capital of *Ontario*.
FALSE,Can you provide the names of films that have Paris as the narrative location and John Williams as the composer?,"The films that meet the given criteria are ""Jaws,"" ""Jurassic Park,"" and ""E.T. the Extra-Terrestrial."""
TRUE,What is the office held by the head of government in the city twinned with the city twinned with the city where Exeter College is located?,"The city twinned with the city twinned with the city where Exeter College is located is Ottawa, and the office held by the head of government in Ottawa is *mayor*."
TRUE,Can you tell me which anime was created by Sunrise?,Sunrise created an anime.
TRUE,Could you tell me who recorded OK Computer and which record label released it?,"Radiohead recorded OK Computer, and Capitol Records released it."
TRUE,Could you please tell me what other name Girls' Generation is known by?,Girls' Generation is also known by another name.
TRUE,"Among L-Tyrosine, ethanol, arachidonic acid, and L-phenylalanine, which chemical compound has the highest acidity, as measured by the pKa value?","Among the given chemical compounds, *ethanol* has the highest pKa value, indicating the lowest acidity."
FALSE,"Can you provide the names of famous people who are associated with both bass guitar and keyboard instrument, as well as either rapcore or drum kit?",The famous people who meet the given criteria are Eminem and Jay-Z.
TRUE,"Among the five counties of Massachusetts, which county has the earliest inception year, and how many years earlier was it established than the county with the latest inception year?","Among the five counties of Massachusetts, *Middlesex County* has the earliest inception year, which was in 1643. Suffolk County and Essex County were also established in the same year. Hampshire County was established in 1662, while Essex County was established in 1643. Franklin County was established in 1811, which was the latest among all the given counties. Therefore, *Middlesex County* was established 168 years earlier than *Franklin County*."
TRUE,Could you provide some information on what Danger UXB is and what it entails?,Danger UXB is a work.
FALSE,Could you inform me whether Tiger Woods had back surgery?,Tiger Woods did not have back surgery.
FALSE,Can you provide information on whether the French Resistance carried out any acts of sabotage?,The French Resistance executed zero acts of sabotage.
FALSE,Can you name the actors who are of Swedish American ethnicity and have received the 55th Golden Globe Awards?,The actors who meet the given criteria are Brad Pitt and Angelina Jolie.
FALSE,Could you provide some information about the focus of the Hermetic Order of the Golden Dawn?,The Hermetic Order of the Golden Dawn was devoted to knowledge.
TRUE,Which countries have a higher total fertility rate than the United States of America in 2001?,The countries that have a higher total fertility rate than the United States of America in 2001 are *none*.
TRUE,What is the administrative territorial entity contained in Japan that has the same name as the administrative territorial entity contained in Kagoshima Prefecture?,The administrative territorial entity contained in Japan that has the same name as the administrative territorial entity contained in Kagoshima Prefecture is *Kagoshima*.
FALSE,"Based on the population data from 2010, which has a larger population, Everett or Gabon?","*Everett* has a larger population than Gabon based on the population data from 2010. Everett's population was 103,019 while Gabon's population was 1,556,222. Therefore, Everett has a larger population than Gabon."
FALSE,Could you please correct the statement that Malcolm Young died in 1953?,Malcolm Young died in 1953.
TRUE,"Could you please provide information on the production of secret and technologically advanced airplanes during the cold war in Burbank, California?","Burbank, California is a location where secret and technologically advanced airplanes were produced during the cold war."
FALSE,"Which language was used in the film or TV show ""Crossroads"", and which country influenced the development of this language?","The language used in the film or TV show ""Crossroads"" is *French*, and this language was influenced by *English*."
TRUE,"Based on the register office determination method, which city had the highest population in 2012 among Barcelona, Zaragoza, Seville, and Valencia?","Among the given cities, *Barcelona* had the highest population in 2012, determined by the register office determination method."
FALSE,Could you tell me where part of Dilwale Dulhania Le Jayenge was shot?,Part of Dilwale Dulhania Le Jayenge was shot in Shanghai.
TRUE,Can you provide the names of films that were produced by Focus Features and had London as the narrative location?,"The films that meet the given criteria are ""Hot Fuzz,"" ""Vanity Fair,"" ""Lock, Stock and Two Smoking Barrels,"" ""Tinker Tailor Soldier Spy,"" ""Eastern Promises,"" ""Another Year,"" ""Topsy-Turvy,"" ""The Boat That Rocked,"" ""The Other Boleyn Girl,"" and ""Scoop."""
TRUE,Could you please tell me the name of the English actress who starred in Murder on the Orient Express?,Murder on the Orient Express starred an English actress.
TRUE,Could you please inform me what genre Gilmore Girls belongs to and where it was produced?,Gilmore Girls is an American dramedy show.
TRUE,What was the occupation of the head of government of the country where Robert E. Lee's employer is located?,"The head of government of the country where Robert E. Lee's employer, Washington and Lee University, is located was a *lawyer*."
TRUE,"How many out-of-school children were there in Europe in 2015, and what is the connection between Trabzonspor and this continent?","In 2015, there were *3,177,740* out-of-school children in Europe, and Trabzonspor is a football club located in *Turkey*, which is a country located in Europe."
TRUE,"Among the four countries and cities, which has the highest population in 2002-01-01?","Among the given countries and cities, *Germany* has the highest population in 2002-01-01. Its population was 82537000, which was the highest among all the given countries and cities. Moscow had a population of 10382754, Paraguay had a population of 5571371, and Belgium had a population of 10309725. Therefore, *Germany* has the highest population among all the given countries and cities in 2002-01-01."
TRUE,What was the field of occupation of Aaron Spelling?,Aaron Spelling's occupation was an executive producer in the field of *entertainment*.
TRUE,Could you please explain why GLOW (TV series) is unable to be released?,GLOW (TV series) is incapable of being released.
TRUE,"Which province of the Netherlands has a larger area, Drenthe or Friesland?",*Friesland* has a larger area than Drenthe.
FALSE,"Among the five mountains located in Nepal and Pakistan, which mountain has the highest elevation?","Among the given mountains, *Kangchenjunga* has the highest elevation of 8586 meters."
TRUE,"Among the five countries of Canada, Northern Ireland, Israel, Jamaica, and Brazil, which country had the highest population in 2015, determined by the estimation process?","Among the given countries, *Brazil* had the highest population in 2015, determined by the estimation process. Its population was 202,656,788, which was the highest among all the given countries. Canada had a population of 35,702,707, Northern Ireland had a population of 1,852,168, Israel had a population of 8,463,400, and Jamaica had a population of 2,950,210. Therefore, *Brazil* had the highest population among all the given countries in 2015, determined by the estimation process."
TRUE,Could you provide information about the existence of a Christian state named Tuvalu?,There is a Christian state called Tuvalu.
TRUE,Could you tell me what role Marion Cotillard played in the movie?,Marion Cotillard played a singer.
FALSE,Could you please inform me of Al Gore's middle name?,Al Gore's middle name is Jeffrey.
FALSE,"Based on the population data from 1980, which of the following states or cities had the highest population?","Among the given states and cities, *San Marino* had the highest population in 1980."
TRUE,Could you provide me with information on how many albums The Weeknd has released?,The Weeknd released at least two albums.
FALSE,"Among the five cities and big cities of Espoo, Tampere, Aachen, Augsburg, and Helsinki, which city had the highest population on December 31, 2009?","Among the given cities and big cities, *Augsburg* had the highest population on December 31, 2009. Its population was 263646, which was the highest among all the given cities. Espoo had a population of 244330, Tampere had a population of 211507, Aachen had a population of 258380, and Helsinki had a population of 583350. Therefore, *Augsburg* had the highest population among all the given cities on December 31, 2009."
TRUE,Could you provide examples of objects to which the concept of life does not apply?,Life is inapplicable to some objects.
TRUE,Could you please provide the year in which Mr. Sunshine was aired?,Mr. Sunshine aired in 2011.
TRUE,Could you tell me which award John Mayer won?,John Mayer won an award.
TRUE,"Which city or administrative territorial entity had the highest population in 2011, and what was its population according to the register office determination method?","*Madrid* had the highest population in 2011, according to the register office determination method. Its population was 3,265,038, which was the highest among all the given cities and administrative territorial entities. Toledo had a population of 83,108, Zaragoza had a population of 674,725, and Seville had a population of 703,021. Therefore, *Madrid* had the highest population in 2011, according to the register office determination method."
TRUE,Could you provide me with an example of a shark that belongs to the Lamniformes category?,Lamniformes include a shark called the goblin shark.
TRUE,"What is the MeSH Code for esophageal cancer, which is a risk factor for the ethnic group that Kevin Garnett belongs to?","The MeSH Code for esophageal cancer, which is a risk factor for the ethnic group that Kevin Garnett belongs to, is *C04.588.274.476.205*."
FALSE,"Could you inform me in which month was the release of the album ""Hot""?",Hot was released in March.
FALSE,Can you provide the genres of music and the names of famous people associated with both George Michael and Robert Palmer?,"The genres of music and the names of famous people associated with both George Michael and Robert Palmer are ""jazz"" and ""classical music."""
TRUE,Which films featuring Kristen Stewart were released in Hungary?,"The films featuring Kristen Stewart that were released in Hungary are ""The Twilight Saga: New Moon,"" ""Snow White and the Huntsman,"" ""Twilight,"" and ""On the Road."""
TRUE,Could you provide information on the cause of Carrie Fisher's death and her age at the time of passing?,Carrie Fisher died of cardiac arrest at age 60.
FALSE,"Which airport among John F. Kennedy International Airport, Logan International Airport, LaGuardia Airport, and Los Angeles International Airport was opened the earliest, and by how many years was it opened earlier than the latest airport to open?","*John F. Kennedy International Airport* was opened the earliest among the given airports. It was opened in 1947, while Logan International Airport was opened in 1923, LaGuardia Airport was opened in 1939, and Los Angeles International Airport was opened in 1937. Therefore, John F. Kennedy International Airport was opened 24 years later than Logan International Airport, which was the latest airport to open among the given airports."
TRUE,"I'm sorry, that doesn't make sense. Could you please provide a different answer to generate a question from?",J.Lo is a work.
FALSE,"Among the given cities and sovereign state, which one had the highest population in 2005-01-01?","Among the given cities and sovereign state, *San Francisco* had the highest population in 2005-01-01."
FALSE,Could you inform me whether Mark Hamill has ever done any voice acting?,Mark Hamill has avoided voice acting entirely.
FALSE,Can you inform me about the reviews received by the TV show This Is Us?,This Is Us has received negative reviews.
FALSE,Which of the following territories have a governor as the head of government and are located in Europe?,"The territories that meet the given criteria are ""Jersey,"" ""Gibraltar,"" and ""Northern Ireland."""
FALSE,What is the basic form of government in the country where The Cure originated from?,The basic form of government in the country where The Cure originated from is a *monarchy*.
TRUE,What was the population of the city that is twinned with Miami in 2010?,"The city that is twinned with Miami is Buenos Aires, which had a population of *2,890,151* in 2010."
TRUE,"Based on the census data from 1930, which state had the highest population among Ohio, Oklahoma, and Hawaii, and how much higher was its population than the city of Boca Raton in the same year?","Among Ohio, Oklahoma, and Hawaii, *Ohio* had the highest population in 1930, with a population of 6,646,697, which was *14,879 times* higher than the population of Boca Raton in the same year."
TRUE,"Which country had the highest total fertility rate in 1999, and what was the difference between its rate and the total fertility rate of the country with the lowest rate?","Niger had the highest total fertility rate in 1999, with a rate of *7.742*, and the difference between its rate and the total fertility rate of Canada, the country with the lowest rate, was *5.232*."
FALSE,Which music genres have both Mariah Carey and NSYNC as famous people?,"The music genres that have both Mariah Carey and NSYNC as famous people are ""rock music,"" ""classical music,"" and ""country music."""
FALSE,"Among Heathrow Airport, Los Angeles International Airport, and John F. Kennedy International Airport, which airport had the highest patronage on January 1, 2002?","Among the given airports, *Los Angeles International Airport* had the highest patronage on January 1, 2002. Its patronage was 70,223,843, which was the highest among all the given airports. Heathrow Airport had a patronage of 63,035,489, and John F. Kennedy International Airport had a patronage of 29,943,084. Therefore, *Los Angeles International Airport* had the highest patronage among all the given airports on January 1, 2002."
TRUE,Could you please tell me what kind of pursuits David Packouz is involved in?,David Packouz does entrepreneurial pursuits.
TRUE,Can you provide the names of famous people who have worked with both Tom Petty in country music and Rick Rubin in rock music?,"The famous people who have worked with both Tom Petty in country music and Rick Rubin in rock music are none, as there is no intersection between the sets of famous people who have worked with Tom Petty in country music and Rick Rubin in rock music."
TRUE,"Among Jamaica, Tanzania, Guyana, and Vanuatu, which country had the highest nominal GDP in United States dollar in 2012?","Among the given countries, *Tanzania* had the highest nominal GDP in United States dollar in 2012."
TRUE,What is the official language of the administrative territorial entity where Fort Wayne is located?,The official language of the administrative territorial entity where Fort Wayne is located is *English*.
FALSE,Which countries have both diplomatic relations with Guatemala and have an attorney general as the head of government office held?,"The countries that meet the given criteria are Mexico, Canada, and Brazil."
FALSE,"Among the four instances of sovereign states and unitary states, which has the highest population in 2012, and how does it compare to the population of the big city Dnipro?","Among the given instances of sovereign states and unitary states, *Lebanon* has the highest population in 2012, with a population of 4,424,888. The population of Dnipro, a big city, is much larger than that of Lebanon."
TRUE,"Among the three inner planets, Venus, Earth, and Mars, which planet has the smallest semi-major axis, and how many times smaller is it than the semi-major axis of Earth, which has a semi-major axis of 149598023 kilometers?","*Venus* has the smallest semi-major axis among the three inner planets, and it is approximately *206.7 times smaller* than the semi-major axis of Earth."
FALSE,"Among Mount Everest, K2, Kangchenjunga, Lhotse, and Makalu, which mountain has the highest elevation above sea level?",*K2* has the highest elevation above sea level among the given mountains.
FALSE,"Which Major League Baseball drafts did the Cleveland Indians participate in and select draft picks from California State University, Fresno?","The Cleveland Indians participated in the 2003, 2004, and 2005 Major League Baseball drafts and selected draft picks from California State University, Fresno in each of those drafts."
FALSE,"What was the population of Mogadishu in 2015, and what is the connection between Mogadishu and association football managers?","The population of Mogadishu in 2015 was *1,500,000*. Mogadishu is the birthplace of association football managers, who practice association football, which is the sport played by St. Mirren F.C."
FALSE,Could you provide clarification on which years the French Revolution covered?,The French Revolution did not cover the years 1789 to 1799.
TRUE,Which individuals were educated at Stanford University and died in Los Angeles?,The individuals who meet the given criteria are Paul Winfield and Edith Head.
FALSE,"Can you tell me the script from which the Cyrillic script is derived, and what is the total fertility rate of the country with which the United States of America has diplomatic relations, and what is the official language of that country?","The Cyrillic script is derived from *Latin*, and the country with which the United States of America has diplomatic relations has a total fertility rate of *2.5*, and the official language of that country is *Serbian*."
TRUE,"What is the IAB code of the religion followed by the composer of the TV show ""Friends""?","The IAB code of the religion followed by the composer of the TV show ""Friends"" is *460*."
FALSE,"Among Mount Everest, K2, and Kangchenjunga, which mountain has the highest elevation above sea level?","*K2* has the highest elevation above sea level among Mount Everest, K2, and Kangchenjunga."
FALSE,"Which state had the highest population in 1930, Arkansas, Texas, or Minnesota, based on the census data?","Among the three states, *Minnesota* had the highest population in 1930, based on the census data. Minnesota had a population of 2,563,953, which was the highest among all the given states. Arkansas had a population of 1,854,482, and Texas had a population of 5,824,715. Therefore, *Minnesota* had the highest population among all the given states in 1930, based on the census data."
TRUE,Could you please provide more information about Lisa Bonet's birthdate such as the month and year?,Lisa Bonet was born on the 16th.
TRUE,Can you provide the genres of music that both Destiny's Child and Justin Timberlake are famous for?,"The genres of music that both Destiny's Child and Justin Timberlake are famous for are hip hop music, contemporary R&B, teen pop, rhythm and blues, soul music, dance-pop, and pop music."
TRUE,"Based on the provided knowledge, which film was published earlier in Sweden, Prometheus or Spider-Man 3?",*Spider-Man 3* was published earlier in Sweden than Prometheus.
TRUE,Could you explain what a reflex is in terms of movement?,A reflex is a movement.
FALSE,Could you please correct the information provided and tell me the correct profession of Justin Timberlake?,Justin Timberlake is a Portuguese actor.
TRUE,Can you provide information on when the Siege of Fort Stanwix started?,The Siege of Fort Stanwix began.
TRUE,Which TV shows or movies that Paul Reubens was a cast member of were produced in the United States of America?,"The TV shows or movies that meet the given criteria are ""Ally McBeal,"" ""Blow,"" ""Buffy the Vampire Slayer,"" ""Pushing Daisies,"" ""Everybody Loves Raymond,"" ""Batman Returns,"" and ""The Blues Brothers."""
TRUE,Could you name the 8 countries that share a border with Tanzania?,8 countries border Tanzania.
FALSE,Which countries have diplomatic relations with both Ukraine and Eritrea?,"The countries that have diplomatic relations with both Ukraine and Eritrea are Russia, France, and Japan."
FALSE,"Based on the given knowledge, which sovereign state had a higher life expectancy in 2010, Ecuador or Nigeria?","In 2010, *Nigeria* had a higher life expectancy than Ecuador."
FALSE,"What was the population of Missouri in 2010, and what is the connection between the state and the music genre associated with Tim Armstrong?","The population of Missouri in 2010 was *6,000,000*. Missouri is located in the United States of America, where Tim Armstrong's record label, Epitaph Records, is based. Tim Armstrong is associated with the music genre ""pop rock""."
FALSE,Could you tell me who Flash Thompson admires?,Flash Thompson admires Peter Parker.
FALSE,Could you clarify what A Song of Ice and Fire is if it is not a series of novels?,A Song of Ice and Fire is anything except a series of novels.
FALSE,Can you tell me where The Messenger premiered?,The Messenger premiered at the restaurant.
FALSE,Could you please provide information on Debbie Reynolds' role in the revival of Irene in 1994?,Debbie Reynolds starred in the revival of Irene in 1994.
FALSE,Could you explain Charles de Gaulle's relationship with the French Resistance?,Charles de Gaulle was an enemy of the  French Resistance.
FALSE,Could you clarify whether Diary of the Dead is a film or not?,Diary of the Dead isn't a film.
FALSE,Can you provide me the date of Richard Dawson's death?,"Richard Dawson died on October 5th, 2012."
FALSE,What was the population of the country that Dresden is twinned with in 1989?,"The population of the country that Dresden is twinned with, the Russian Soviet Federative Socialist Republic, was *200,000,000* in 1989."
TRUE,Which countries have diplomatic relations with both Ghana and Uzbekistan?,"The countries that have diplomatic relations with both Ghana and Uzbekistan are Taiwan, the United States of America, Serbia, Russia, Malaysia, and Germany."
TRUE,"Which army was established earlier, the Canadian Army or the Imperial Japanese Army?","The *Canadian Army* was established earlier than the Imperial Japanese Army. The Canadian Army was established in 1867, while the Imperial Japanese Army was established on January 1, 1868. Therefore, the Canadian Army was established earlier than the Imperial Japanese Army."
FALSE,Could you please provide the name of Tamera Mowry's sibling?,Tamera Mowry has a brother named Tia Mowry.
FALSE,"Based on the census data from 1940, which state had the highest population among Arkansas, Colorado, Iowa, and South Carolina, and how does the population of the city of Rockville compare to that state?","Among the given states, *South Carolina* had the highest population in 1940. The population of the city of Rockville is *larger* than that of Iowa."
TRUE,Could you provide me with the information on which award Chokher Bali won for Best Feature Film in Bengali?,Chokher Bali won the National Film Award for Best Feature Film in Bengali.
TRUE,Could you please tell me when The Belko Experiment premiered?,"The Belko Experiment premiered on September 10, 2016."
FALSE,"Based on the population data from 2007, which city had the highest population, and how many times larger was its population than the smallest city's population?","Among the given cities, *Ulm* had the highest population in 2007, with a population of 121,434. In comparison, *Nokia* had the smallest population, with a population of 30,485. Therefore, Ulm's population was approximately *4 times* larger than Nokia's population in 2007."
FALSE,"Among the cities of Great Falls, Memphis, and Eau Claire, which city had the highest population in 2010-01-01?","Among the given cities, *Eau Claire* had the highest population in 2010-01-01. Its population was 75,000, which was the highest among all the given cities. Great Falls had a population of 58,505, and Memphis had a population of 646,889. Therefore, *Eau Claire* had the highest population among all the given cities in 2010-01-01."
FALSE,Could you clarify whether Kangana Ranaut moved to Delhi when she was sixteen?,Kangana Ranaut did not relocate to Delhi when she was sixteen.
TRUE,"What was the total fertility rate of the United States of America in 1999, and which administrative territorial entity in New York State has jurisdiction over the New York State Senate?","The total fertility rate of the United States of America in 1999 was *2.0075*, and Sullivan County is the administrative territorial entity in New York State that has jurisdiction over the New York State Senate."
TRUE,Could you please inform me about the location of Gujarat in India?,Gujarat is located on the Kathiawar peninsula in India.
FALSE,Could you tell me more about Priyanka Chopra's ability to promote health and education causes?,Priyanka Chopra is incapable of promoting health and education causes.
TRUE,"Based on the Human Development Index in 2007, which sovereign state had the highest score, and which had the lowest score among Argentina, Algeria, Brazil, Afghanistan, and Angola?","Among the given sovereign states, *Argentina* had the highest Human Development Index score of 0.792 in 2007, while *Afghanistan* had the lowest score of 0.433."
TRUE,Could you please inform me which organization Ryan Gosling supports?,Ryan Gosling is a supporter of an organization.
TRUE,Can you tell me how many people spoke German in Australia in 2012?,"In 2012, there were *105,000,000* people who spoke German in Australia."
FALSE,What was the total fertility rate of the country where the organization that conferred the award received by Drea de Matteo is located in 1999?,The total fertility rate of the country where the organization that conferred the award received by Drea de Matteo is located was *3.5* in 1999.
FALSE,Could you tell me who played the lead character in the third season of The Following?,Connie Nielsen played the lead character in the third season of The Following.
FALSE,"Which city had the highest population in 1850, Cincinnati, Warsaw, Wisconsin, Hackensack, or Madison?","Among the given cities and state, *Warsaw* had the highest population in 1850. Its population was 163600, which was the highest among all the given cities and state. Cincinnati had a population of 115435, Wisconsin had a population of 305391, Hackensack had a population of 2265, and Madison had a population of 1525. Therefore, *Warsaw* had the highest population among all the given cities and state in 1850."
FALSE,"Which national football team had the highest ranking in the FIFA World Rankings on June 3, 2009, among Argentina, Angola, Belgium, and Ghana, based on the review score by FIFA?","Among the given national football teams, *Belgium* had the highest ranking in the FIFA World Rankings on June 3, 2009, based on the review score by FIFA. Belgium's ranking was 63, which was the highest among all the given countries. Angola had a ranking of 97, Argentina had a ranking of 7, and Ghana had a ranking of 36. Therefore, *Belgium* had the highest ranking among all the given countries on June 3, 2009, based on the review score by FIFA."
TRUE,What is the Iconclass notation for the color of Sharon Stone's eyes?,The Iconclass notation for the color of Sharon Stone's eyes is *22C4(BLUE)*.
TRUE,Could you please specify in which city the Prussian Academy of Sciences was established?,Prussian Academy of Sciences was established in a city.
FALSE,Could you please tell me if Heaven Can Wait is an original work or a remake?,Heaven Can Wait is an original work.
TRUE,"Among the national football teams of Hong Kong, Haiti, Northern Ireland, and Finland, which team had the highest ranking on April 24, 1996, according to the FIFA World Rankings review score?","Among the given national football teams, *Northern Ireland* had the highest ranking on April 24, 1996, according to the FIFA World Rankings review score. Its ranking was 57, which was the highest among all the given teams. Hong Kong had a ranking of 104, Haiti had a ranking of 155, and Finland had a ranking of 54. Therefore, *Northern Ireland* had the highest ranking among all the given teams on April 24, 1996, according to the FIFA World Rankings review score."
FALSE,"Between Mobile Suit Gundam SEED and Yu-Gi-Oh! GX, which anime television series has a longer duration per episode?","*Mobile Suit Gundam SEED* has a longer duration per episode compared to Yu-Gi-Oh! GX. Mobile Suit Gundam SEED has a duration of 30 minutes per episode, while Yu-Gi-Oh! GX has a duration of 25 minutes per episode. Therefore, Mobile Suit Gundam SEED has a longer duration per episode compared to Yu-Gi-Oh! GX."
TRUE,"Among the three countries, Egypt, North Macedonia, and Bulgaria, which country had the highest life expectancy in 2000?","Among the given countries, *North Macedonia* had the highest life expectancy in 2000. Its life expectancy was 73.267 years, which was the highest among all the given countries. Egypt had a life expectancy of 68.613 years, and Bulgaria had a life expectancy of 71.66341 years. Therefore, *North Macedonia* had the highest life expectancy among all the given countries in 2000."
TRUE,Could you explain how counterculture relates to mainstream culture?,Often counterculture is in opposition to the mainstream culture.
TRUE,"Among the departments of France that were established on March 4, 1790, which department has the latest inception date?","Among the departments of France that were established on March 4, 1790, *Seine-et-Marne* has the latest inception date. Aisne was established on January 1, 1790, while Dordogne was also established on March 4, 1790. Therefore, Seine-et-Marne has the latest inception date among the given departments of France."
FALSE,Could you please explain why Aparshakti Khurana declined to appear in Dangal?,Aparshakti Khurana refused to appear in Dangal.
FALSE,Can you tell me which disease is related to the Wikidata property of the occupation of Vladimir Horowitz?,The disease related to the Wikidata property of the occupation of Vladimir Horowitz is *headache*.
FALSE,What was the population of Bergen County when David Grisman was born?,"The population of Bergen County when David Grisman was born was *500,000*."
FALSE,"Based on the nominal GDP in United States dollar in 2006, which country had the highest GDP among Thailand, Montenegro, Angola, and Poland, and by how much was it higher than the country with the second-highest GDP?","Among the given countries, *Angola* had the highest nominal GDP in United States dollar in 2006, which was higher than the country with the second-highest GDP, Poland, by *approximately 12 times*."
TRUE,Could you tell me which team Wilt Chamberlain plays for in basketball?,Wilt Chamberlain is a basketball player for the Philadelphia Warriors.
TRUE,"Which subgenre of rock music had the latest inception date among heartland rock, space rock, hard rock, and funk rock?","Among the given subgenres of rock music, *heartland rock* had the latest inception date. It was first introduced on January 1, 1975. Space rock was introduced on January 1, 1968, hard rock was introduced in 1967, and funk rock was introduced on January 1, 1972. Therefore, *heartland rock* had the latest inception date among all the given subgenres of rock music."
FALSE,Can you tell me which record label released the song Break on Me?,Break on Me was released only through Hit Red.
FALSE,Which films were both nominated for the MTV Movie Award for Best Fight and received the Academy Award for Best Visual Effects?,"The films that were both nominated for the MTV Movie Award for Best Fight and received the Academy Award for Best Visual Effects are ""The Lion King,"" ""Aladdin,"" and ""Beauty and the Beast."""
FALSE,What is the office held by the head of government in the capital of Cebu?,The head of government in the capital of Cebu holds the office of *mayor*.
TRUE,Could you inform me what kind of items Yamaha Corporation produces?,Yamaha Corporation produces items.
TRUE,"Who is heavier, Ben Johnson or Mark Williams, who are both human?",*Mark Williams* is heavier than Ben Johnson. Williams' mass is 243 pounds while Ben Johnson's mass is 190 pounds.
TRUE,"Based on the population data from 1967, which city had the highest population, Moscow or Zrich, and by how much was it higher than the other? Also, what was the population of Kazan in 1967, and how did it compare to the population of the other two cities?","According to the population data from 1967, *Moscow* had a higher population than Zrich. Moscow's population was 6422000, while Zrich's population was 430594. Therefore, Moscow's population was higher than Zrich's by 5999406. The population of *Kazan* in 1967 was 821000, which was significantly lower than the population of both Moscow and Zrich."
TRUE,"Among Georgia, Wagga Wagga, and Pakistan, which has the highest population in 2014?",*Pakistan* has the highest population among the given entities in 2014.
FALSE,Could you tell me where Emily Ratajkowski was born?,Emily Ratajkowski was born in Paris.
TRUE,"Which business has a higher total equity, Hewlett-Packard or Verizon?","*Hewlett-Packard* has a higher total equity than Verizon. Hewlett-Packard's total equity is 27127000000 United States dollars, while Verizon's total equity is 17842000000 United States dollars. Therefore, Hewlett-Packard has a higher total equity than Verizon."
FALSE,Which films have Mychael Danna as the composer and are from the United Kingdom?,"The films that meet the given criteria are ""The Dark Knight"" and ""Inception."""
TRUE,"What was the total fertility rate of the country that has diplomatic relations with the United States of America, which also has diplomatic relations with Argentina, which in turn has diplomatic relations with Brazil, in the year 1999?","The total fertility rate of South Africa, which has diplomatic relations with Brazil, which has diplomatic relations with Argentina, which in turn has diplomatic relations with the United States of America, was *2.899* in the year 1999."
FALSE,"Can you tell me the population of the city where the headquarters of the University of Western Ontario is located, in the year 1801?","The population of the city where the headquarters of the University of Western Ontario is located, in the year 1801, was *500000*."
FALSE,Could you provide information on what became Virginia's most valuable export in 2002?,Houses became Virginia's most valuable export in 2002.
TRUE,Could you inform me about the birth years and significance of Generation X in studies?,Generation X features birth years from the 1970s and it is studied.
TRUE,"Can you tell me the number of member countries in the organization whose headquarters is located in Paris, where the administrative territorial entity that Montpelier is located in is a part of?","The organization whose headquarters is located in Paris, where the administrative territorial entity that Montpelier is located in is a part of, has *36 countries* as its member count."
TRUE,"Based on the census data from 1970, which state had the highest population, Virginia, Wisconsin, Utah, or Maryland?","Among the given states, *Virginia* had the highest population in 1970, according to the census data. Its population was 4,648,494, which was the highest among all the given states. Wisconsin had a population of 4,417,731, Utah had a population of 1,059,273, and Maryland had a population of 3,922,399. Therefore, *Virginia* had the highest population among all the given states in 1970, according to the census data."
TRUE,Could you tell me how many conference titles the Washington Wizards have won?,The Washington Wizards have won four conference titles.
FALSE,Could you explain how advertising is used to promote an ideology?,Advertising is used to sell an ideology.
TRUE,Could you provide some information on why Mike Tyson was disqualified from his 1997 match with Evander Holyfield?,Mike Tyson was disqualified from his 1997 match with Evander Holyfield.
TRUE,Could you inform me where the filming for The Dark Knight Rises took place?,The Dark Knight Rises' filming took place in New Jersey.
FALSE,Could you please provide me with the birthdate of Iain Glen?,"Iain Glen was born on June 24, 1951."
TRUE,"Among the sovereign states of Nepal, San Marino, Guinea, and Tanzania, which country had the highest population in 1988?","Among the given sovereign states, *Tanzania* had the highest population in 1988. Its population was 23,933,171, which was the highest among all the given countries. Nepal had a population of 17,273,606, San Marino had a population of 23,571, and Guinea had a population of 5,535,918. Therefore, *Tanzania* had the highest population among all the given countries in 1988."
TRUE,Which actors reside in Los Angeles and were nominated for the Broadcast Film Critics Association Award for Best Supporting Actor?,"The actors that meet the given criteria are Alan Arkin, Ed Harris, and Mark Ruffalo."
TRUE,"Among the sovereign states of North Macedonia, Norway, Comoros, and Philippines, which country had the highest population in 1982?","Among the given sovereign states, *Philippines* had the highest population in 1982. Its population was 50,068,493, which was the highest among all the given countries. Norway had a population of 4,114,787, North Macedonia had a population of 1,922,729, and Comoros had a population of 333,998. Therefore, *Philippines* had the highest population among all the given countries in 1982."
TRUE,Can you provide information on Patrick Cutrone's profession?,Patrick Cutrone plays football.
TRUE,Which films were nominated for both the Independent Spirit Award for Best Screenplay and the BAFTA Award for Best Film?,"The films that were nominated for both the Independent Spirit Award for Best Screenplay and the BAFTA Award for Best Film are ""Pulp Fiction,"" ""Lost in Translation,"" ""The Usual Suspects,"" ""Capote,"" ""The Descendants,"" ""Fargo,"" and ""The Artist."""
TRUE,"What is the name of the college that is part of the University of Oxford and has the same name as a type of metal, and what is the name of the administrative body that is twinned with Oxford's administrative body?","The college that is part of the University of Oxford and has the same name as a type of metal is *Brasenose College*, and the administrative body that is twinned with Oxford's administrative body is *Catania*."
FALSE,"Which cities are twinned with both Washington, D.C. and Buenos Aires?","The cities that are twinned with both Washington, D.C. and Buenos Aires are Tokyo, Paris, and London."
TRUE,Can you provide the names of films that were released in Hungary and starred Dennis Quaid?,"The films that meet the given criteria are ""Footloose"" and ""Soul Surfer."""
FALSE,"Among the five mountains located in Nepal, which mountain has the highest elevation?","Among the five mountains located in Nepal, *Kangchenjunga* has the highest elevation."
TRUE,"Among the municipalities of the Netherlands, which municipality had the highest number of households as of January 1, 2015?","Among the municipalities of the Netherlands, *Rotterdam* had the highest number of households as of January 1, 2015. Its number of households was 314,963, which was the highest among all the given municipalities. Arnhem had a number of households of 75,856, Alkmaar had a number of households of 50,002, and Leiden had a number of households of 66,010. Therefore, *Rotterdam* had the highest number of households among all the given municipalities of the Netherlands as of January 1, 2015."
FALSE,Could you please tell me the month in which Haim Saban was born?,Haim Saban was born in May.
FALSE,"Among Saint Lucia, Barbados, and Ghana, which country had the highest number of out-of-school children in 1999, determined by the UIS estimation process?","Among the given sovereign states, *Barbados* had the highest number of out-of-school children in 1999, determined by the UIS estimation process."
TRUE,Could you provide me with information on where Ted Kaczynski grew up?,Ted Kaczynski grew up in a city.
FALSE,"Could you inform me what inspired the creation of Fargo, since it wasn't the 1996 film?",Fargo was inspired by something other than a 1996 film.
TRUE,Could you tell me what Jaden Smith's profession or talent is?,Jaden Smith is a person who raps.
FALSE,Can you tell me how long Revolver stayed at the top of the UK Albums Chart?,Revolver only topped the UK Albums Chart for two weeks.
FALSE,Could you please provide me with the birthdate of Mother Teresa?,Mother Teresa was born on September 5.
FALSE,"Among Johnson County, Madison County, and Dallas County, which county had the highest population as of July 1, 2011?","Among the given counties, *Dallas County* had the highest population as of July 1, 2011. Its population was 43,167, which was the highest among all the given counties. Madison County had a population of 20,836, and Johnson County had a population of 151,989. Therefore, *Dallas County* had the highest population among all the given counties as of July 1, 2011."
TRUE,What is the difference in total fertility rate (TFR) between the United States and Cambodia in 2014?,"The TFR of the United States in 2014 was 1.8615, while the TFR of Cambodia in the same year was 2.683. Therefore, the difference in TFR between the two countries in 2014 was *0.8215*."
FALSE,Could you elaborate on what Thatcherism is and how Margaret Thatcher implemented it through windows?,Margaret Thatcher implemented windows that have come to be known as Thatcherism.
TRUE,"Could you tell me the nationality of the film ""Memento""?",Memento is an American film.
TRUE,Could you please provide me with the name of the actor who stars in Kong: Skull Island?,Kong: Skull Island stars Jing Tian.
FALSE,Could you tell me why critics ignored Carlos Santana in the nineties?,Carlos Santana was ignored by critics in the nineties.
FALSE,"Based on the given knowledge, which administrative territorial entity has the highest population as of January 1, 2018, and what is the difference in population between that entity and the capital with the lowest population?","Among the given administrative territorial entities and capitals, *Catalonia* has the highest population as of January 1, 2018, with a population of 7,543,825. The capital with the lowest population is *Guadalajara*, with a population of 84,910. Therefore, the difference in population between the administrative territorial entity with the highest population and the capital with the lowest population is 7,543,825 - 84,910 = 7,458,915."
FALSE,Could you please provide information on who represented Taiwan to the United Nations?,Charles Woodruff Yost represented Taiwan to the United Nations.
FALSE,"Among the given cities and sovereign state, which has the highest population as of December 31, 2013?","*Florence* has the highest population among the given cities and sovereign state as of December 31, 2013."
FALSE,Could you inform me which division of the NBA's Western Conference the New Orleans Pelicans compete in and for how long they have been in that division?,New Orleans Pelicans compete the southwest Division of the NBA's Western Conference and have been since 2002.
FALSE,Could you please tell me the year Back to the Future Part II was released?,Back to the Future Part II was released in 1988.
TRUE,Can you provide me with information on the number of Fortune 1000 companies located in Philadelphia?,Philadelphia contains Fortune 1000 companies.
FALSE,Could you elaborate on the level of biodiversity on Earth?,Earth lacks biodiversity.
TRUE,Could you provide an explanation of the common theological principle of the sub-traditions of Vedanta known as the Prasthanatrayi?,The common theological principle of the sub-traditions of Vedanta is the Prasthanatrayi.
FALSE,Could you provide me with the highest elevation in the Hindu Kush and its location at K2?,The maximum elevation in the Hindu Kush is 7708 meters at K2.
FALSE,Which individuals in the given knowledge were born in Sydney and have Australian citizenship?,"The individuals that meet the given criteria are Baz Luhrmann, David Carney, and Rick Springfield."
FALSE,Can you provide the genres of music that both MGMT and Gorillaz are famous for?,The genres of music that both MGMT and Gorillaz are famous for are hip-hop and country.
TRUE,Which music genres have both Pharrell Williams and will.i.am as famous people?,"The music genres that have both Pharrell Williams and will.i.am as famous people are ""hip hop music,"" ""contemporary R&B,"" ""pop music,"" ""electro,"" ""rock music,"" and ""drum kit."""
FALSE,Which films received the Independent Spirit Award for Best Screenplay and were also nominated for the BAFTA Award for Best Original Screenplay?,"The films that meet the given criteria are ""The Godfather"" and ""The Shawshank Redemption."""
TRUE,Can you tell me what profession Jay Sekulow is in?,Jay Sekulow is a lawyer.
TRUE,Could you tell me the birthdate of Floyd Mayweather Jr.?,"On February 24, 1977, Floyd Mayweather Jr. was born."
TRUE,Could you please tell me what Vegemite is?,Vegemite is a type of yeast spread.
FALSE,In which year did Elizabeth: The Golden Age receive an award from Satellite Awards?,Elizabeth: The Golden Age received an award from Satellite Awards in the year *2005*.
FALSE,Can you provide the unique industries and parent organizations associated with BBC News?,"The unique industries and parent organizations associated with BBC News are ""broadcasting"" and ""CNN,"" respectively."
FALSE,Could you provide information on the number of writers involved in the making of Independence Day: Resurgence?,Independence Day: Resurgence had zero writers.
TRUE,Which countries have a higher total fertility rate than Denmark in the year 2000?,"The countries that have a higher total fertility rate than Denmark in the year 2000 are *Mexico, Albania, and Haiti*."
FALSE,Could you provide information on who Keturah was in relation to Moses?,Keturah was Moses' concubine.
FALSE,Could you provide more information on Alex Rodriguez's batting average and statistics?,Alex Rodriguez has a .497 batting average.
TRUE,Could you please provide the year in which Timber was premiered?,Timber was premiered in 2013.
TRUE,"Which communication medium has been in use for the longest time, and which one has been in use for the shortest time, among New York, Oz, and Blu-ray Disc?","Among the given communication media, *Oz* has been in use for the longest time, having been established in 1963. *New York* has been in use since 1968, and *Blu-ray Disc* has been in use since 2006, making it the communication medium that has been in use for the shortest time."
TRUE,Can you inform me about the type of country Indonesia is in terms of geography?,Indonesia is an island country.
FALSE,Could you provide me with the date of death of Leopold II of Belgium?,"Leopold II of Belgium died March 17, 1909."
FALSE,Could you please provide information on how many WWE's World Heavyweight Championships Kurt Angle lost?,Kurt Angle lost all of the WWE's World Heavyweight Championships.
TRUE,Where is the organization that conferred the award received by Chevy Chase located?,"The organization that conferred the award received by Chevy Chase, the Academy of Television Arts & Sciences, is located in *North Hollywood*."
FALSE,"Among the republics of France, Italy, and India, which country has the longest compulsory education period starting from the minimum age of 6 years old?","Among the given republics, *India* has the longest compulsory education period starting from the minimum age of 6 years old. India's compulsory education period starts at the age of 6 and lasts until the age of 18, which is a total of 12 years. France's compulsory education period starts at the age of 6 and lasts until the age of 16, which is a total of 10 years. Italy's compulsory education period starts at the age of 6 and lasts until the age of 15, which is a total of 9 years. Therefore, *India* has the longest compulsory education period starting from the minimum age of 6 years old among all the given republics."
TRUE,Which NBA drafts had participants from the Portland Trail Blazers and draft picks from the University of Memphis?,"The NBA drafts that meet the given criteria are the ""2006 NBA Draft"" and the ""2008 NBA Draft."""
FALSE,Could you please inform me whether American Gods is a syndicated television series?,American Gods is a syndicated television series.
FALSE,Could you please provide me with the name of the American actor who plays Chumlee and his birth month?,The American actor that plays Chumlee was born on December.
FALSE,Which films were nominated for the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actress and had Sam O'Steen as the film editor?,"The films that meet the given criteria are ""The Godfather,"" ""The Godfather: Part II,"" and ""The Godfather: Part III."""
FALSE,Could you please provide me with the date of the 2000 Football League Cup Final?,"The 2000 Football League Cup Final was played on March 13, 2000."
TRUE,Could you tell me who raised Muhammad during his childhood?,Muhammad was raised by his paternal uncle.
TRUE,"Can you tell me the total fertility rate of the country that has diplomatic relations with Russia and was awarded the Academy Award for Best Writing, Adapted Screenplay in 1999?","The country that has diplomatic relations with Russia and was awarded the Academy Award for Best Writing, Adapted Screenplay in 1999 is the United States of America, and the total fertility rate of the People's Republic of China, which has diplomatic relations with Russia, was *1.453*."
FALSE,"What was the population of Chatham County in the United States of America as of April 1, 2010?","The population of Chatham County in the United States of America was *500,000* as of April 1, 2010."
FALSE,Could you inform me whether Wallander has been adapted into any form of media?,Wallander has remained unadapted.
FALSE,"Can you please tell me the total fertility rate, life expectancy, and GDP per capita of the country that has diplomatic relations with the United States of America and where Graham Holdings Company is located?","The country that has diplomatic relations with the United States of America and where Graham Holdings Company is located is Qatar. The total fertility rate of Qatar is *3.5*, the life expectancy is *80.2 years*, and the GDP per capita is *$59,330*."
FALSE,"Which individuals share a partner and speak English, and what is the name of their partner?",The individuals who share a partner and speak English are Daniel Day-Lewis and Warren Beatty. Their partner's name is Isabella Rossellini.
TRUE,Could you provide some information about the work Absolute Beginners?,Absolute Beginners is a work.
TRUE,Can you tell me if Batman's occupation is related to detective fiction?,Batman's occupation as a detective is *different from* detective fiction.
TRUE,Which films feature both Brendan Gleeson and Jason Isaacs as cast members?,"The films that feature both Brendan Gleeson and Jason Isaacs as cast members are ""Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix,"" ""Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire,"" and ""Green Zone."""
TRUE,Could you please inform me which nationality Quentin Tarantino belongs to?,Quentin Tarantino is an American.
TRUE,What is the field of occupation of Patrick Dempsey?,"Patrick Dempsey's occupation is a film producer, and the field of this occupation is *filmmaking*."
FALSE,Could you provide me with information on where Neil Armstrong obtained his bachelor's degree?,Neil Armstrong earned his bachelor's degree at Boston University.
TRUE,Can you provide the names of individuals who won the 2000 Grammy Awards and are also film directors?,"The individuals who meet the given criteria are ""Cher,"" ""Madonna,"" ""Chris Rock,"" and ""LeVar Burton."""
TRUE,"Can you please tell me the total fertility rate of the country that won the Academy Award for Best Original Musical Score, and whose nominee was also nominated for the Academy Award for Best Original Score, in the year 1999?","The total fertility rate of the country that won the Academy Award for Best Original Musical Score, and whose nominee was also nominated for the Academy Award for Best Original Score, in the year 1999 was *2.0075*."
FALSE,"Based on the provided knowledge, which of the following statements is true regarding the inception dates of the University of Oxford, Kingdom of Sardinia, and Trondheim, all of which have a statement with a Gregorian date earlier than 1584?","The University of Oxford, Kingdom of Sardinia, and Trondheim all have a statement with a Gregorian date earlier than 1584. The University of Oxford was founded on January 1, 1096, Kingdom of Sardinia was founded on January 1, 1324, and Trondheim was founded on January 1, 1200. Therefore, *Kingdom of Sardinia* is the oldest among the three, followed by the University of Oxford, and then Trondheim."
TRUE,Which European countries have diplomatic relations with Peru?,"The European countries that have diplomatic relations with Peru are Italy, United Kingdom, France, Greece, Sweden, Serbia, Russia, Germany, and Spain."
TRUE,Could you provide some information on how many times Philip V of Spain reigned?,Philip V of Spain reigned twice.
TRUE,Could you please provide the location of Citadelle Laferrire and its relation to Bonnet a L'Eveque?,Citadelle Laferrire is on top of Bonnet a L'Eveque.
FALSE,Which country or countries share a border with Ethiopia and have diplomatic relations with Italy?,The countries that meet the given criteria are Ethiopia and Sudan.
TRUE,Which genres of electronic music have been associated with both The Black Eyed Peas and Paul Oakenfold?,"The genres of electronic music that have been associated with both The Black Eyed Peas and Paul Oakenfold are ""electronic dance music,"" ""techno,"" ""electronica,"" ""house music,"" and ""trance."""
FALSE,"Who is known for playing the guitar in the classical music genre, and what is the name of the composer of ""Cranford""?","The person known for playing the guitar in the classical music genre is *Andres Segovia*, and the composer of ""Cranford"" is *John Williams*."
TRUE,"Among the five cities and sovereign states of Malibu, Dover, Cape Verde, Chad, and Myanmar, which has the highest population in 2010?","Among the given cities and sovereign states, *Myanmar* has the highest population in 2010."
TRUE,Which films directed by James Cameron were nominated for the Japan Academy Prize for Outstanding Foreign Language Film?,"The films directed by James Cameron that were nominated for the Japan Academy Prize for Outstanding Foreign Language Film are ""True Lies"" and ""Aliens."""
TRUE,Could you provide information on when Andrew Wood went into rehab and for what reason?,Andrew Wood went into rehab for drug addiction in 1989.
FALSE,"What was the population of the administrative territorial entity where the university affiliated with the United Methodist Church is located, as of April 1, 2010?","The population of the administrative territorial entity where Southern Methodist University, affiliated with the United Methodist Church, is located was *300,000* as of April 1, 2010."
TRUE,"Which association football club was dissolved more recently, Puerto Rico Islanders or FC Metalist Kharkiv?","*FC Metalist Kharkiv* was dissolved more recently than Puerto Rico Islanders. FC Metalist Kharkiv was dissolved in 2016, while Puerto Rico Islanders were dissolved in 2012. Therefore, FC Metalist Kharkiv was dissolved more recently than Puerto Rico Islanders."
FALSE,Could you tell me what equipment is necessary to play basketball?,Basketball requires no equipment.
FALSE,Could you tell me whether Sennacherib had any children or not?,Sennacherib had no children.
TRUE,Which music genres have both Alyson Stoner and Timbaland as famous people?,"The music genres that have both Alyson Stoner and Timbaland as famous people are ""rhythm and blues,"" ""pop music,"" and ""hip hop music."""
TRUE,Could you please provide information on who was the first black player to win the National League Most Valuable Player Award and in what year?,Jackie Robinson was the first black player to win the National League Most Valuable Player Award in 1949.
FALSE,Could you please inform me of the release date for The Fame?,The Fame was released in February 2016.
TRUE,Could you please name the science-fiction film that Arnold Schwarzenegger starred in?,Arnold Schwarzenegger was in a science-fiction film.
TRUE,Could you please tell me which actor played the role of Punisher?,Dolph Lundgren portrayed Punisher.
FALSE,Can you provide the genres of music that both Demi Lovato and Debbie Gibson are famous for?,The genres of music that both Demi Lovato and Debbie Gibson are famous for are country and heavy metal.
FALSE,Which NBA drafts did the Portland Trail Blazers participate in and select a draft pick from the University of Southern California?,"The Portland Trail Blazers participated in the 2007 NBA Draft and selected a draft pick from the University of Southern California, but did not participate in the 2008 NBA Draft."
FALSE,During which time period is the -5 hour timezone offset valid in the location where Princeton Theological Seminary is headquartered?,The -5 hour timezone offset is valid during *daylight saving time* in the location where Princeton Theological Seminary is headquartered.
TRUE,"Among Turkey, Morocco, and Angola, which country had the highest number of out-of-school children in 2010, determined by the UIS estimation process?","Among the given countries, *Angola* had the highest number of out-of-school children in 2010, determined by the UIS estimation process. The number of out-of-school children in Angola was 2088363, which was the highest among all the given countries. Turkey had a number of out-of-school children of 1597581, and Morocco had a number of out-of-school children of 1539615. Therefore, *Angola* had the highest number of out-of-school children among all the given countries in 2010, determined by the UIS estimation process."
TRUE,Could you please inform me during which year the principal photography of Vantage Point (film) began?,The principal photography of Vantage Point (film) began in a year.
TRUE,Could you provide more information on the financial situation of Henry VIII of England?,Henry VIII of England was continually on the verge of financial ruin.
TRUE,Could you please elaborate on Bob Marley's style of songwriting?,Bob Marley had a manner of composing songs.
TRUE,"Based on the population data from 2005, which country had the highest population, and how many times larger was its population than the country with the smallest population among Senegal, Canada, and the Republic of the Congo?","Among the given sovereign states, *Canada* had the highest population in 2005, with a population of 32,312,000. Senegal had a population of 11,270,826, and the Republic of the Congo had a population of 3,542,867. Therefore, Canada's population was *9.11 times larger* than the Republic of the Congo's population, which had the smallest population among the given countries."
FALSE,"What is the name of the head of government in the city where the distributor of ""Looney Tunes: Back in Action"" is headquartered?","The head of government in Burbank, where the distributor of ""Looney Tunes: Back in Action"" is headquartered, is the *governor*."
TRUE,"In 1810, which had the highest population among Long Island, Philadelphia, Amsterdam, Cambridge, and the United States of America?","Among Long Island, Philadelphia, Amsterdam, Cambridge, and the United States of America, *the United States of America* had the highest population in 1810. Its population was 7,239,881, which was the highest among all the given places. Philadelphia had a population of 53,722, Amsterdam had a population of 180,000, Cambridge had a population of 2,323, and Long Island had a population of 48,752. Therefore, *the United States of America* had the highest population among all the given places in 1810."
TRUE,"Among the five sovereign states of Hungary, Iceland, Mauritius, Nigeria, and the republic of Tunisia, which country had the highest life expectancy in 2007?","Among the given sovereign states, *Iceland* had the highest life expectancy in 2007."
FALSE,Could you tell me what genre A United Kingdom falls under?,A United Kingdom is a biographical romantic drama play.
FALSE,Could you please tell me where Giada at Home was available for viewing?,Giada at Home was only available on DVD.
FALSE,Can you provide me with more information about the outcome of the Battle of Corinth?,The Battle of Corinth barely resulted in the complete destruction of Corinth.
FALSE,Could you please provide me with the date of birth for Anthony Scaramucci?,"Anthony Scaramucci was born on January 22, 1964."
FALSE,Can you provide more information on Henrietta Maria of France's marital status and whether she married any royalty or nobility?,Henrietta Maria of France only ever married a commoner.
FALSE,Can you tell me the time zone in which the head of government of the United States of America was located when Swoosie Kurtz was nominated for the Tony Award for Best Actress in a Play?,The time zone in which the head of government of the United States of America was located when Swoosie Kurtz was nominated for the Tony Award for Best Actress in a Play is the *Eastern Time Zone*.
FALSE,Could you provide me with information on how many tourists visit Poland annually?,Poland is visited by approximately 20 million tourists every year.
TRUE,Could you inform me at which film festival Sherrybaby was screened?,Sherrybaby was screened at the Sundance Film Festival.
FALSE,Could you provide me with information on how long David Carradine's career lasted?,David Carradine's career spanned 40 years.
FALSE,"Can you please provide information about The Big Chill, such as its release year and genre?",The Big Chill is a 1973 film.
FALSE,Could you provide more information about the movie Vedam and its unique feature of having no dialogue?,Vedam is a film with no dialogue.
FALSE,"Could you provide more information on what is meant by ""personality"" being a unit of individual differences?",Personality is a unit of individual differences.
TRUE,"What was the mean age of the population of England in 2001, when the film or TV show related to Caravaggio was in English?","The mean age of the population of England in 2001, when the film or TV show related to Caravaggio was in English, was *38.6 years*."
FALSE,"Based on the inflation rate in 2001, which sovereign state had the highest inflation rate among Burkina Faso, New Zealand, Cyprus, Ivory Coast, and Vietnam?","Among the given sovereign states, *Cyprus* had the highest inflation rate in 2001, with a rate of 2.1 percentage."
FALSE,Could you tell me where the 2013 NBA draft was held?,The 2013 NBA draft was held in Massachusetts.
TRUE,Could you tell me which political position Martin Van Buren was elected to?,Martin Van Buren was elected governor.
TRUE,Could you provide information on what themes The Great Gatsby explores?,The Great Gatsby looks at themes of social upheaval.
TRUE,Can you tell me which American action comedy film Melanie Griffith starred in?,Melanie Griffith was in an American action comedy film.
FALSE,Which cities are twinned with both Paris and Amman as their administrative bodies?,The cities that are twinned with both Paris and Amman as their administrative bodies are New York and London.
TRUE,Could you please tell me the release date of the Fantastic Four (2005 film)?,Fantastic Four (2005 film) was released on the 8th.
TRUE,"Among Mount Everest, K2, Kangchenjunga, Lhotse, and Makalu, which mountain has the highest elevation above sea level?",*Mount Everest* has the highest elevation above sea level among the given mountains.
FALSE,Could you tell me what substance ricin is classified as?,Ricin is an oil.
FALSE,Could you inform me which ultimate frisbee club in Italy is the second oldest?,Juventus F.C. is the second oldest ultimate frisbee club in Italy.
FALSE,Can you provide the names of films that have New York City as the narrative location and feature Burt Young in the cast?,"The films that meet the given criteria are ""Rocky"" and ""Rocky II."""
TRUE,Could you tell me if Chris Brown also pursued an acting career?,Chris Brown pursued an acting career.
TRUE,Which countries have diplomatic relations with both Namibia and Colombia?,"The countries that have diplomatic relations with both Namibia and Colombia are Bangladesh, Taiwan, Australia, Israel, India, Malaysia, Russia, Germany, and Canada."
TRUE,Could you please tell me what Rob Lowe's profession is?,Rob Lowe acts.
FALSE,Could you clarify whether Kiiara is solely an actress or if she has other professions as well?,Kiiara is only an actress.
TRUE,"What was the total fertility rate of the United Kingdom in 2003, and how does it compare to the total fertility rate of Belgium in the same year?","The total fertility rate of the United Kingdom in 2003 was *1.7*, which is higher than the total fertility rate of Belgium in the same year."
TRUE,"What award did Bruce Springsteen receive at the Grammy Awards, and what is the Grammy Awards a facet of?","Bruce Springsteen received an award at the *1997 Grammy Awards*, which is a facet of the *Grammy Award*."
TRUE,Could you provide me with information on how many countries and territories KFC has locations in?,KFC has locations in 123 UN-recognized countries and territories.
TRUE,Would you mind sharing who is believed to be the Messiah?,Jesus is believed to be the Messiah.
TRUE,When did the head of government of the country where Penn Badgley is a citizen die?,"The head of government of the country where Penn Badgley is a citizen, James K. Polk, died on *June 15, 1849*."
FALSE,Could you please explain the role of backing vocalists in a musical performance?,Backing vocalists sing with other backing instrumentalists.
TRUE,"Among the sovereign states of Ecuador, Bahamas, Mauritius, and Dominica, which country had the highest population in 2004?","Among the given sovereign states, *Ecuador* had the highest population in 2004. Its population was 13,529,091, which was the highest among all the given countries. Bahamas had a population of 322,400, Mauritius had a population of 1,221,003, and Dominica had a population of 70,325. Therefore, *Ecuador* had the highest population among all the given countries in 2004."
FALSE,Can you provide the names of individuals who were born in Memphis and have worked as film directors?,"The individuals who meet the given criteria are Kathy Bates, George Hamilton, and Elvis Presley."
FALSE,Can you provide a list of films that were released in Iceland and had Frank Welker as a voice actor?,"The films that meet the given criteria are ""The Lion King,"" ""Aladdin,"" and ""Beauty and the Beast."""
FALSE,"Among the given sovereign states and administrative territorial entity, which country had the highest population in 2009?","Among the given sovereign states and administrative territorial entity, *Puerto Rico* had the highest population in 2009."
FALSE,Could you please tell me what type of media The Bridges of Madison County is in?,The Bridges of Madison County is a TV series.
TRUE,Could you inform me of Stanley Tucci's profession?,Stanley Tucci is an actor.
FALSE,Could you please clarify if Donald Trump died in 1946?,Donald Trump died in 1946.
TRUE,Could you tell me which record label launched NSYNC?,NSYNC was launched by a German record label.
TRUE,Could you provide information on John Constantine's origins in the Swamp Thing comics?,John Constantine was originally a supporting character in Swamp Thing.
TRUE,"Which had the highest population in 1917, the United States of America, Canada, Cairo, or California?","Among the given options, the *United States of America* had the highest population in 1917. Its population was 103,268,000, which was the highest among all the given options. Canada had a population of 8,060,000, Cairo had a population of 790,939, and California had a population of 3,171,000. Therefore, *the United States of America* had the highest population among all the given options in 1917."
TRUE,Could you provide some information on the capabilities of the Lockhead Martin F-22 Raptor aircraft in different types of tactical warfare?,Lockhead Martin F-22 Raptor is an aircraft that is capable of different types of tactical warfare.
TRUE,"In 1980, which state had the highest population among Wisconsin, Missouri, and Maine, determined by the census?","Among the given states, *Missouri* had the highest population in 1980, determined by the census."
TRUE,Could you provide information on Steffi Graf's ranking during her career?,Steffi Graf was highly ranked during her career.
FALSE,Could you provide information on who the first Pharaoh of Ancient Egypt was and when they ruled?,"Ancient Egypt began under the first Pharaoh, Nectanebo II."
TRUE,Could you please inform me what the capital of Russia is?,The capital of Russia is Moscow.
FALSE,What is the office held by the head of government in Botswana related to?,The office held by the head of government in Botswana is related to the *Wikidata property* of social media.
FALSE,Which films have both Miami as the narrative location and Denmark as the film release region?,"The films that meet the given criteria are ""Iron Man 3,"" ""Step Up Revolution,"" and ""The Lion King."""
FALSE,"Based on the given knowledge, which company had the highest total revenue in 2013, General Electric, General Motors, or McDonald's?","Among the given companies, *McDonald's* had the highest total revenue in 2013. Its total revenue was 28,105,700,000 United States dollars, which was the highest among all the given companies. General Electric had a total revenue of 14,604,500,000 United States dollars, and General Motors had a total revenue of 15,542,700,000 United States dollars. Therefore, *McDonald's* had the highest total revenue among all the given companies in 2013."
TRUE,Could you please inform me who composed the song Summertime?,Summertime (George Gershwin song) was composed by George Gershwin.
FALSE,Could you provide information on the governmental system of Italy?,Italy is a parliamentary monarchy.
FALSE,"Among the first-level administrative country subdivisions of Chiapas, Buenos Aires Province, Australian Capital Territory, Johor, and Northern Territory, which subdivision has the highest elevation above sea level, and how much higher is it compared to the subdivision with the lowest elevation?","Among the given first-level administrative country subdivisions, *Johor* has the highest elevation above sea level, which is *1000 meters* higher than the subdivision with the lowest elevation, Northern Territory."
FALSE,Could you inform me if The Weeknd has a debut album?,The Weeknd does not have a debut album.
FALSE,"Which has the highest population, the United Kingdom, Oakville, or Hong Kong, based on the 2011 census?","*Hong Kong* has the highest population based on the 2011 census. Its population was 7,071,576, which is higher than the population of Oakville, which was 182,520, and the United Kingdom, which was 50,000,000."
TRUE,Which films were composed by Johnny Mandel and distributed by 20th Century Fox?,"The films that meet the given criteria are ""MASH"" and ""The Verdict."""
FALSE,"Can you provide the names of films that were directed by either Francis Ford Coppola or Christopher Nolan, had a running time of over 150 minutes, and were released between 1970 and 2010?","The films that meet the given criteria are ""Jaws,"" ""Star Wars,"" and ""Jurassic Park."""
TRUE,Could you please provide information on which sitcom Sarah Silverman starred in?,Sarah Silverman starred in the sitcom The Sarah Silverman Program.
TRUE,Could you please tell me which nationalities Dwayne Johnson holds?,Dwayne Johnson is has more than one nationality.
TRUE,"Can you tell me the total fertility rate of the country that shares a border with Switzerland and exported goods from the United States of America, and which movie was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Cinematography?","The total fertility rate of the country that shares a border with Switzerland and exported goods from the United States of America was *1.34*, and the movie nominated for the Academy Award for Best Cinematography was *Raiders of the Lost Ark*."
FALSE,"Based on the population data from 1890, which city had the highest population among Madison, Los Angeles, St. Louis, and Detroit, all of which are cities of the United States, and what was the population of that city? Also, what was the population of Wisconsin, the state where Madison is located, in the same year?","Among the given cities, *Detroit* had the highest population of 205,876 in 1890. The population of Wisconsin, the state where Madison is located, was *1,693,330* in the same year."
TRUE,Could you please tell me who the youngest character is in A Game of Thrones and what their name is?,Joffrey Baratheon is the youngest character in A Game of Thrones.
TRUE,"Based on the population data from 1840, which had a larger population, Wisconsin or Washington, D.C.?","According to the population data from 1840, *Washington, D.C.* had a larger population than Wisconsin."
FALSE,Who is a musician that plays the guitar and is a famous person?,Eric Clapton is a musician who plays the guitar and is a famous person.
TRUE,Could you kindly inform me what field Marie Curie worked in?,Marie Curie was a chemist.
FALSE,"Among the given big city, sovereign states, republic, and administrative territorial entity, which had the highest population in 1964?","Among the given big city, sovereign states, republic, and administrative territorial entity, *Bangladesh* had the highest population in 1964."
FALSE,Could you inform me which role Nick Nolte turned down in Tropic Thunder?,Nick Nolte turned down the role he was offered in Tropic Thunder.
TRUE,Could you please inform me where the Renaissance originated?,The Renaissance began in Italy.
TRUE,Which Transformers movies were directed by Michael Bay and released in Argentina?,"The Transformers movies that meet the given criteria are ""Transformers"" and ""Transformers: Dark of the Moon."""
FALSE,"Among Ecuador, Tanzania, and Guinea, which country had the highest population in 2008?",*Ecuador* had the highest population in 2008.
TRUE,What was the total fertility rate of the country that had diplomatic relations with the country that had diplomatic relations with Samoa in 1999?,"The country that had diplomatic relations with the country that had diplomatic relations with Samoa in 1999 is Italy, and its total fertility rate was *1.23*."
FALSE,Can you tell me the total fertility rate of the country where the film that won the Best Screenplay Award at Cannes Film Festival was released in 1999?,"The film ""Iron Man"" won the Best Screenplay Award at Cannes Film Festival and was released in Thailand, where the total fertility rate in 1999 was *2.5*."
FALSE,Which films feature Robbie Coltrane as a cast member and were filmed in Monaco?,"The films that meet the given criteria are ""Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone"" and ""Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets."""
TRUE,Could you inform me which country uses coins of the Swiss franc?,Coins of the Swiss franc are used in a country.
FALSE,Can you provide the names of films that are based on literature and have Jane Alexander as a cast member?,"The films that meet the given criteria are ""The Lord of the Rings,"" ""Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone,"" and ""The Da Vinci Code."""
TRUE,Could you tell me who has worked on Marvel Knights Spider-Man?,Marvel Knights Spider-Man has been worked on by Mark Millar.
TRUE,"Can you tell me which network originally broadcasted Torchwood, a TV series set in the Whoniverse, and won the Golden Satellite Awards in 2004?","The network that originally broadcasted Torchwood, a TV series set in the Whoniverse, and won the Golden Satellite Awards in 2004 is *BBC One*."
FALSE,Can you provide the genres of music that both Eric Burdon and Jerry Garcia are famous for?,Eric Burdon and Jerry Garcia are both famous for jazz and classical music.
TRUE,Can you tell me the year in which the part of computer science called artificial intelligence was published?,The part of computer science called artificial intelligence was published in *1956*.
TRUE,Could you please inform me whether Valerian and the City of a Thousand Planets is a movie or not?,Valerian and the City of a Thousand Planets is a film.
TRUE,Could you please tell me who starred in the 2002 film Spider-Man?,Spider-Man (2002 film) stars Tobey Maguire.
TRUE,Could you please provide me with a brief description of Machu Picchu and its significance?,Machu Picchu is a citadel.
TRUE,"Which city has a larger area, Hyderabad or Rostov-on-Don, both of which are cities with millions of inhabitants?","*Hyderabad* has a larger area than Rostov-on-Don, with an area of 650 square kilometers compared to Rostov-on-Don's 348.5 square kilometers."
FALSE,Could you provide information on whether Ben Affleck has ever appeared on an educational series?,There is no evidence in existence that Ben Affleck has ever been on an educational series.
FALSE,"Based on the population data from 1978, which sovereign state had the highest population, and how many times larger was it than the population of Costa Rica, which is also a sovereign state, but had a smaller population than the other three countries?","Among the given sovereign states, *Uganda* had the highest population in 1978, which was *3.3 times* larger than the population of Costa Rica."
FALSE,Can you tell me the population of the city that is twinned with the city that Boston is twinned with and had its population recorded in 1861?,"The city that is twinned with the city that Boston is twinned with and had its population recorded in 1861 is Milan, which had a population of *5000000*."
FALSE,"Can you please tell me the total fertility rate, life expectancy, and GDP per capita of the country that New Britain is a part of and has diplomatic relations with Japan?","The country that New Britain is a part of and has diplomatic relations with Japan is the United States of America. The total fertility rate of the United States of America is *2.5*, the life expectancy is *80 years*, and the GDP per capita is *$10,000*."
FALSE,Can you provide the genres of music that both Demi Lovato and Babyface are famous for?,"The genres of music that both Demi Lovato and Babyface are famous for are ""rock"" and ""country."""
TRUE,Can you please tell me the official language of the country that has diplomatic relations with the United States of America and has a total fertility rate of 2.216 and a life expectancy of 68.3 years?,The official language of the country that has diplomatic relations with the United States of America and has a total fertility rate of 2.216 and a life expectancy of 68.3 years is the *Mongolian language*.
FALSE,Could you provide information on who Tatum O'Neal married?,Tatum O'Neal married a professional golf player.
FALSE,Could you explain why the Winnipeg Jets are considered foreign to Winnipeg?,Winnipeg is foreign to the Winnipeg Jets.
FALSE,"Based on the nominal GDP in 1976, which country had a higher GDP, Sierra Leone or Tunisia?","Based on the nominal GDP in 1976, *Sierra Leone* had a higher GDP than Tunisia. Sierra Leone's nominal GDP was 594,895,672.33 United States dollars, while Tunisia's nominal GDP was 450,792,910.48 United States dollars. Therefore, *Sierra Leone* had a higher nominal GDP than Tunisia in 1976."
FALSE,"Which mountain has the highest elevation among Mount Everest, K2, Mount Kilimanjaro, Denali, and Mount Kosciuszko?","*K2* has the highest elevation among Mount Everest, K2, Mount Kilimanjaro, Denali, and Mount Kosciuszko."
FALSE,Could you inform me how many solo albums John Frusciante has released?,John Frusciante released twelve solo albums.
TRUE,Could you inform me of Poland's geographical location?,Poland is located in Europe.
TRUE,"What was the total fertility rate of the country that has diplomatic relations with the United Kingdom and whose official language is English, where Jack White died?","The total fertility rate of the country that has diplomatic relations with the United Kingdom and whose official language is English, where Jack White died, was *2.107* in 2002, and the country is Saint Kitts and Nevis."
FALSE,"Among the films Live Free or Die Hard, Mamma Mia!, and TMNT, which film was published first in Italy?","Among the given films, *Mamma Mia!* was published first in Italy. It was published on October 3, 2008, in Italy. Live Free or Die Hard was published on October 26, 2007, and TMNT was published on June 22, 2007, both in Italy. Therefore, *Mamma Mia!* was the first film to be published in Italy among the given films."
FALSE,Can you provide the musical instruments and genres that both Ryan Adams and PJ Harvey are famous for?,Both Ryan Adams and PJ Harvey are famous for playing the drums in the genres of jazz and blues.
TRUE,Could you inform me whether chest pains are a symptom of lung cancer or not?,None of lung cancer's symptoms is chest pains.
TRUE,"Which county in Indiana has a larger area, Porter County or Allen County?",*Allen County* has a larger area than Porter County in Indiana.
FALSE,Could you provide information on whether the Stanford prison experiment was funded or not?,The Stanford prison experiment was unfunded.
FALSE,Could you please provide information on when Samsung entered the shipbuilding industries?,"In the 1970's, Samsung entered the shipbuilding industries."
FALSE,Could you tell me if Travis Barker has ever produced music?,Travis Barker has avoided producing entirely.
FALSE,Could you inform me if Willow Smith ever released the album Ardipithecus?,Willow Smith never released the album Ardipithecus.
FALSE,"Based on the population data from 1968, which sovereign state had the highest population, and how many times larger was it than the smallest population among the three sovereign states, Mauritania?","Among the given sovereign states, *Norway* had the highest population in 1968, which was *3.52* times larger than the population of Mauritania."
TRUE,Could you tell me in which country Dogstar (band) performed?,Dogstar (band) performed in the United Kingdom.
TRUE,Could you provide me with information on who Leopold II of Belgium was and when he was king?,Leopold II of Belgium was king of Belgium from 1865 to 1909.
FALSE,Can you provide me with the premiere date of the second season of Sonny with a Chance?,"The second season of Sonny with a Chance premiered on March 14th, 2011."
TRUE,What is the field of occupation of Mark Robson?,The field of occupation of Mark Robson is *filmmaking*.
TRUE,Could you inform me what year The People vs. Larry Flynt was released?,The People vs. Larry Flynt is a 1996 film.
TRUE,Could you inform me of John F. Kennedy Jr.'s profession?,John F. Kennedy Jr. was an American lawyer.
FALSE,Could you provide information on the population difference between South Island and the rest of New Zealand?,South Island lacks 23 percent of New Zealand's million inhabitants.
FALSE,"Among the five countries and states of Greece, Greenland, Faroe Islands, Austria, and Armenia, which one had the highest population in 1974?","Among the given countries and states, *Austria* had the highest population in 1974."
TRUE,Could you please inform me if Game of Thrones is available on cable broadcasts?,There are cable broadcasts of Game of Thrones.
TRUE,"Among the county town of Northampton, the historical country of Habsburg Monarchy, the city of Liverpool, the National Autonomous University of Mexico, and the sovereign state of Moldavia, which entity has the earliest inception date based on the provided knowledge?","Based on the provided knowledge, *Moldavia* has the earliest inception date among the given entities. Moldavia's inception date was January 1, 1346, which is the earliest among all the given entities. Northampton's inception date was in 1189, Liverpool's inception date was in 1207, Habsburg Monarchy's inception date was on January 1, 1526, and the National Autonomous University of Mexico's inception date was in 1551. Therefore, *Moldavia* has the earliest inception date among all the given entities based on the provided knowledge."
FALSE,"Can you provide the musical instruments that both Adrian Belew and Michael Jackson are famous for playing, as well as the music genres they are associated with?","Adrian Belew and Michael Jackson are both famous for playing the violin, trumpet, and accordion, and are associated with classical music."
TRUE,Which films directed by Christopher Nolan were released in Austria?,"The films directed by Christopher Nolan that were released in Austria are ""Memento,"" ""Batman Begins,"" ""Inception,"" and ""The Dark Knight."""
TRUE,"Based on the FIFA World Rankings on June 13, 1995, which national football team had the highest ranking among the Philippines, Cyprus, and Slovenia?","Among the given national football teams, *Cyprus* had the highest ranking on June 13, 1995, based on the FIFA World Rankings. Cyprus was ranked 68th, while Slovenia was ranked 85th, and the Philippines was ranked 174th. Therefore, *Cyprus* had the highest ranking among the given national football teams on June 13, 1995, based on the FIFA World Rankings."
FALSE,Could you provide me with information on who Helios is and his relation to Hera?,Helios is the son of Hera.
FALSE,Can you provide me with information on Usher's worldwide record sales?,Usher's worldwide sales stand at 90 million records.
TRUE,Could you tell me which planet has a similar size to Venus?,Venus has a similar size to another planet.
FALSE,Could you inform me whether franchising is regulated in the United States?,Franchising is still unregulated in the United States.
FALSE,"Based on the population data from 1890, which city had a higher population, Hamburg or Battle Creek?","Based on the population data from 1890, *Battle Creek* had a higher population than Hamburg. Battle Creek's population was 13,197 while Hamburg's population was 5,730. Therefore, Battle Creek had a much higher population than Hamburg in 1890."
TRUE,"Could you please inform me of the name of a fantasy, fictional story that is known as A Game of Thrones?","There is a fantasy, fictional story called A Game of Thrones."
TRUE,Which Major League Baseball drafts did the Chicago Cubs participate in and select draft picks from Wichita State University?,The Chicago Cubs participated in the 1995 and 2005 Major League Baseball drafts and selected draft picks from Wichita State University in both drafts.
TRUE,I would like to know how many Academy Awards Marlon Brando won.,Marlon Brando won at least two Academy Awards.
FALSE,"What was the mean age of the population of the country where the original language of ""The Gathering Storm"" is indigenous to and replaces itself, in the year 2001?","The mean age of the population of Scotland, where the original language of ""The Gathering Storm"" is indigenous to and replaces itself, was *42.3 years* in the year 2001."
TRUE,"What is the name of the award that the network that originally aired ""Lost in Space"" received and when was it first established?","The network that originally aired ""Lost in Space"", CBS, received the *Peabody Award*, which was first established in *1940*."
FALSE,"Which neighborhood has a larger area, Harlem or Venice?",*Harlem* has a larger area than Venice.
FALSE,"What was the population of the borough that shares a border with Manhattan, where Jesse Eisenberg studied at The New School?","The population of Brooklyn, the borough that shares a border with Manhattan, where Jesse Eisenberg studied at The New School, was *2,000,000* as of April 1, 2010."
TRUE,"Could you provide information about what came after the film Clueless, such as any books that were published?",Clueless (film) was followed by books.
TRUE,Could you tell me who directed the movie Constantine?,Francis Lawrence directed Constantine.
TRUE,What is the writing system of the official language of the country that has diplomatic relations with Canada and whose baseball team is the Toronto Blue Jays?,The writing system of the official language of the country that has diplomatic relations with Canada and whose baseball team is the Toronto Blue Jays is the *Arabic alphabet*.
FALSE,Can you provide the names of individuals who were members of both the Dallas Cowboys and the Jacksonville Jaguars sports teams?,The individuals who were members of both the Dallas Cowboys and the Jacksonville Jaguars sports teams are Tony Romo and Peyton Manning.
TRUE,Could you inform me when Master of None was released for streaming?,Master of None was released for streaming on November.
FALSE,Can you provide the names of famous people who are associated with both classical music and the piano?,The famous people who are associated with both classical music and the piano are Ludwig van Beethoven and Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart.
TRUE,Could you elaborate on why Sacre-Coeur in Paris is considered an embodiment of conservative ethical order?,"Sacre-Coeur, Paris is an embodiment of conservative ethical order."
FALSE,"Among the states of Indiana, Nebraska, Hawaii, and Maryland, which state had the highest population in 1950, determined by the census?","Among the given states, *Maryland* had the highest population in 1950, determined by the census. Its population was 2,343,001, which was the highest among all the given states. Indiana had a population of 3,934,224, Nebraska had a population of 1,325,510, and Hawaii had a population of 499,794. Therefore, *Maryland* had the highest population among all the given states in 1950, determined by the census."
FALSE,Could you please provide information on what type of animal Alandi is?,Alandi is a dog.
TRUE,Which individuals in the given knowledge passed away due to natural causes and were educated at Stuyvesant High School?,"The individuals that meet the given criteria are Joseph L. Mankiewicz, Thelonious Monk, Ben Gazzara, George Raft, Ron Silver, James Cagney, and Walter Becker."
TRUE,"Can you provide a list of famous people who are associated with rock music, play the guitar or piano, and are also associated with alternative rock?",The famous people who meet the given criteria are Rivers Cuomo and Taylor Swift.
TRUE,Could you please provide me with more information about Ivan Lendl's involvement in a Grand Slam game?,A Grand Slam game has included Ivan Lendl.
TRUE,"Can you please tell me the GDP per capita, life expectancy, and total fertility rate of the country where John Waters died in 1999?","John Waters died in Hollywood, which is located in the United States of America. In 1999, the total fertility rate of the United States of America was *2.0075*, the life expectancy was *76.1 years*, and the GDP per capita was *$62,794.60*."
FALSE,"Can you tell me the total fertility rate of Canada in 1999, and which country has diplomatic relations with the country that has diplomatic relations with the country that has diplomatic relations with Germany, where the football club Arminia Bielefeld is located?","The total fertility rate of Canada in 1999 was *1.51*, and the country that has diplomatic relations with the country that has diplomatic relations with the country that has diplomatic relations with Germany is *Japan*."
FALSE,Could you inform me who authored the Josh Thurlow science fiction novels?,Homer Hickman wrote the Josh Thurlow science fiction novels.
FALSE,"Based on the population data from 1964, which of the following sovereign states had the highest population, Switzerland or Peru?",*Switzerland* had a higher population than Peru in 1964.
FALSE,"Which city in Pennsylvania has the highest elevation above sea level, and how much higher is it than the city with the lowest elevation?","Among the given cities in Pennsylvania, *Scranton* has the highest elevation above sea level, which is *100 meters* higher than the city with the lowest elevation, Williamsport."
FALSE,"Among the four counties of Essex County, Santa Fe County, Mariposa County, and Warren County, which county had the highest population as of July 1, 2013, determined by the estimation process?","Among the given counties, *Mariposa County* had the highest population as of July 1, 2013, determined by the estimation process. Its population was 1,000,000, which was the highest among all the given counties. Santa Fe County had a population of 147,423, Essex County had a population of 789,565, and Warren County had a population of 65,337. Therefore, *Mariposa County* had the highest population among all the given counties as of July 1, 2013, determined by the estimation process."
FALSE,Can you clarify whether The Giver is just a book and not a movie or TV show?,The Giver is only a book.
FALSE,Which music genres have both Eric Burdon and Guns N Roses as famous people?,"The music genres that have both Eric Burdon and Guns N Roses as famous people are ""jazz"" and ""classical music."""
FALSE,Which countries have diplomatic relations with both the United States of America and Taiwan?,The countries that have diplomatic relations with both the United States of America and Taiwan are China and Russia.
FALSE,Can you provide the names of films that won the 66th Golden Globe Awards and are based on literature?,"The films that meet the given criteria are ""The Godfather,"" ""The Shawshank Redemption,"" and ""The Dark Knight."""
TRUE,Could you inform me whether Paul McCartney has children?,Paul McCartney is a father.
TRUE,"What is the capital of the administrative territorial entity in Australia that has a population of 1682600 as of 2014 and has diplomatic relations with the European Union, where Romeo and Juliet originated from?","The capital of the administrative territorial entity in Australia that has a population of 1682600 as of 2014 and has diplomatic relations with the European Union, where Romeo and Juliet originated from, is *Adelaide*."
FALSE,"What was the mean age of the population of the administrative territorial entity that Northampton County was named after, where Bobby resides?","The mean age of the population of Northamptonshire, the administrative territorial entity that Northampton County was named after, where Bobby resides in Virginia, was *42.3 years* in 2001."
TRUE,Can you provide the names of films that were both nominated for the BAFTA Award for Best Actor in a Leading Role and filmed in Long Beach?,"The films that meet the given criteria are ""American Beauty,"" ""Chaplin,"" ""L.A. Confidential,"" ""Moneyball,"" and ""The Aviator."""
TRUE,Could you tell me in what decade Arrested Development made its debut?,Arrested Development debuted in the 2000s.
FALSE,Can you provide the names of superhero films that were released in Kazakhstan?,"The superhero films that were released in Kazakhstan are ""Spider-Man: No Way Home,"" ""Wonder Woman 1984,"" and ""Black Panther."""
TRUE,Could you please tell me where Barry Gibb was raised?,Barry Gibb was raised in the UK.
FALSE,Could you inform me what types of traffic are allowed on Goat Island's two bridges?,Goat Island's two bridges only carry car traffic.
FALSE,Could you inform me about what Syco is and what services it provides?,Syco is a streaming service.
FALSE,Can you provide the musical instruments and genres that both Phil Collins and Pete Townshend are famous for playing?,"The musical instruments and genres that both Phil Collins and Pete Townshend are famous for playing are bass guitar (in country music), keyboard instrument (in classical music), guitar (in heavy metal), and drum kit (in hip hop)."
TRUE,Could you provide me with the names of the two television series Morena Baccarin was part of?,There are two television series Morena Baccarin was part of.
FALSE,Could you tell me who directed the film Underdog?,Underdog was directed by a Japanese film director.
FALSE,Could you inform me how many Golden Globe nominations Foxcatcher received?,Foxcatcher was nominated for seven Golden Globes.
TRUE,Could you inform me of Danny DeVito's profession or occupation?,Danny DeVito is a director.
TRUE,Could you inform me who held the position of President of the African National Congress party before?,The President of the African National Congress party is a position that Nelson Mandela served.
FALSE,Could you provide more information on why Rebecca Hall was passed over for a role in The Awakening?,Rebecca Hall was passed over for a role in The Awakening.
FALSE,What position does a player need to play in the sport that the Los Angeles Kings play?,"In the sport that the Los Angeles Kings play, a player needs to play the position of *forward*."
TRUE,Could you inform me about the profession of Ava DuVernay?,Ava DuVernay is a director and screenwriter.
TRUE,Could you please provide the name of the actor who starred in The X-Files?,The X-Files starred an actor.
FALSE,Could you please provide more information on the nature of the negotiation that Ulysses S. Grant conducted?,Ulysses S. Grant negotiated a hostile resolution.
TRUE,Could you inform me where The Belko Experiment premiered?,The Belko Experiment premiered at a film festival.
FALSE,"Among the three states of Washington, Arizona, and Alabama, which state had the highest population in 1950, determined by the census?","*Washington* had the highest population in 1950, determined by the census."
TRUE,Could you tell me if The Divergent Series is an adaptation of something else?,The Divergent Series is an adaptation.
TRUE,What is the IPTC Newscode associated with the opposite of the main subject of Silent Hill?,The IPTC Newscode associated with the opposite of the main subject of Silent Hill is *mediatopic/20000441*.
FALSE,Can you provide information about Steven Zaillian's loss of a Writers Guild of America award in 2011?,Steven Zaillian lost an award from the Writers Guild of America in 2011.
TRUE,Could you please provide information about Jeffrey Dahmer's actions?,Jeffrey Dahmer ate humans.
TRUE,"Can you provide the musical instruments played by both Steven Tyler and Stevie Nicks, and the genres of music they are famous for?","Steven Tyler and Stevie Nicks are both famous for playing the piano, hard rock, blues, percussion, harmonica, and pop music."
FALSE,Could you please provide me with the birth month and year of Brandon Lee?,Brandon Lee was born in May of 1993.
TRUE,"Among the cities of New York, which city has the highest population, Ithaca, Troy, or Long Beach?","Among the given cities of New York, *Troy* has the highest population. Its population is 49170, which is higher than the population of Ithaca (30014) and Long Beach (33275). Therefore, *Troy* has the highest population among the given cities of New York."
FALSE,Which musical instruments are associated with both Phil Collins and Andrew W.K. in terms of famous people and genres?,"The musical instruments that are associated with both Phil Collins and Andrew W.K. in terms of famous people and genres are accordion, triangle, and kazoo."
FALSE,Who is the famous composer who has 5 children and is known to appreciate the piano played by Gary Cooper?,The famous composer who has 5 children and is known to appreciate the piano played by Gary Cooper is *John Williams*.
FALSE,"Which play has the earliest publication date among Romeo and Juliet, A Streetcar Named Desire, Hamlet, and Coriolanus?","Among the given plays, *A Streetcar Named Desire* has the earliest publication date. It was published in 1947, which is earlier than the publication dates of Hamlet (1603), Coriolanus (1623), and Romeo and Juliet (1597)."
FALSE,"What was the population of Hawaii in 2013, where the University that Al Jourgensen attended is located?","The population of Hawaii in 2013, where the University that Al Jourgensen attended is located, was *2,000,000*."
TRUE,Can you provide the names of films that were released in the Philippines and had Portuguese as the original language of the film or TV show?,"The films that meet the given criteria are ""Elite Squad: The Enemy Within"" and ""Pina."""
TRUE,"Which city/town has a higher elevation above sea level, Kharkiv or Lviv?",*Lviv* has a higher elevation above sea level than Kharkiv.
FALSE,"Can you tell me the total fertility rate of Canada during the year when the country that UCLA Bruins men's basketball belongs to was involved in military conflicts with Greece, which was also involved in military conflicts with Canada?","The total fertility rate of Canada during the year when the country that UCLA Bruins men's basketball belongs to was involved in military conflicts with Greece, which was also involved in military conflicts with Canada, was *2.5*."
TRUE,Could you provide me with some information on the size of Istanbul?,Istanbul is a large town.
FALSE,Could you please inform me of the date on which Paul Newman passed away?,"Paul Newman died September 6, 2008."
FALSE,"Could you please explain what ""Goliyon Ki Raasleela Ram-Leela"" means and why it is sometimes referred to as ""Ram-Peela""?",Goliyon Ki Raasleela Ram-Leela is Ram-Peela for long.
TRUE,Can you provide the names of films produced by Universal Pictures that feature Mark Addy as a cast member?,"The films that meet the given criteria are ""Barney's Version"" and ""Robin Hood."""
TRUE,Can you provide the names of musicians who are signed to Atlantic Records and reside in Arkansas?,The musicians who meet the given criteria are Glen Campbell and Willie Nelson.
TRUE,What is the difference in total fertility rate between the United States and Mozambique in 1999?,"The total fertility rate in the United States in 1999 was *2.0075*, while the total fertility rate in Mozambique in 1999 was *5.831*, resulting in a difference of 3.8235."
TRUE,Could you provide information on what the PlayStation 4 is?,The PlayStation 4 is a video game console.
TRUE,Which countries have both a public holiday for Christmas and a diplomatic relation with the Democratic Republic of the Congo?,"The countries that meet the given criteria are Georgia, Germany, Canada, and Brazil."
FALSE,"Based on the population data from 2017, which city had the highest population, Peshawar or Syracuse? Also, which country had the highest population, Norway or Luxembourg?","Among the two cities, *Syracuse* had the highest population in 2017, with a population of 1,970,042, while Peshawar had a population of 122,031. Among the two sovereign states, *Luxembourg* had the highest population in 2017, with a population of 5,258,317, while Norway had a population of 114,303."
FALSE,"How many out-of-school children were there in Europe in 2015, and where is the headquarters of Legia Warsaw located?","In 2015, there were *2,500,000* out-of-school children in Europe, and the headquarters of Legia Warsaw is located in *Paris*."
TRUE,Can you provide the genres of music in which both Phil Collins and Robert Wyatt are famous for playing the drums or drum kit?,"The genres of music in which both Phil Collins and Robert Wyatt are famous for playing the drums or drum kit are ""drum,"" ""jazz fusion,"" ""drum kit,"" and ""progressive rock."""
FALSE,Which music genres have both Lindsay Lohan and Hayden Panettiere as famous people?,"The music genres that have both Lindsay Lohan and Hayden Panettiere as famous people are ""country"" and ""heavy metal."""
FALSE,When did the filming of The Disaster Artist (film) begin?,The principal filming of The Disaster Artist (film) started in 2016.
TRUE,"What was the total fertility rate of the United States of America in 1999, and what is the capital of Lucas County located in the United States of America?","The total fertility rate of the United States of America in 1999 was *2.0075*, and the capital of Lucas County located in the United States of America is *Toledo*."
FALSE,"Based on the census data from 2010-04-01, which has a larger population, Herkimer County or Norfolk?","According to the census data from 2010-04-01, *Herkimer County* has a larger population than Norfolk. The population of Herkimer County was 64,519, while the population of Norfolk was 24,280. Therefore, Herkimer County has a larger population than Norfolk based on the given census data from 2010-04-01."
TRUE,Which films were produced by Sony Pictures Classics and starred Bruce Greenwood?,"The films that meet the given criteria are ""Capote,"" ""Barney's Version,"" and ""Being Julia."""
FALSE,Could you please clarify whether Chris Weitz is only an actor or does he have other professions?,Chris Weitz is only an actor and is always working.
TRUE,"What was the population of Prussia in 1939, given that Anton Chekhov was a citizen of a country that shares a border with the German Empire, which in turn shares a border with Austria-Hungary, which shares a border with Prussia?","The population of Prussia in 1939 was *41,915,040*."
TRUE,Can you provide the genres of music and famous people that are associated with both Demi Lovato and Rick Springfield?,"The genres of music and famous people that are associated with both Demi Lovato and Rick Springfield are ""pop rock,"" ""guitar,"" ""power pop,"" ""rock music,"" and ""pop music."""
TRUE,Could you inform me which movie won the competition between How to Train Your Dragon and The Social Network?,How to Train Your Dragon (film) lost to The Social Network.
TRUE,"Which organization has a larger area, Manhattan or Los Angeles International Airport?","*Los Angeles International Airport* has a larger area than Manhattan. The area of Manhattan is 33.58 square miles, while the area of Los Angeles International Airport is 1386 hectares, which is equivalent to 5.34 square miles. Therefore, *Los Angeles International Airport* has a larger area than Manhattan."
TRUE,"Among the three cities of Moscow, Kazan, and Yekaterinburg in 1856, which city had the highest population, and how much higher was it than the city with the lowest population?","Among the three cities of Moscow, Kazan, and Yekaterinburg in 1856, *Moscow* had the highest population. Its population was 368800, which was higher than Kazan's population of 56300 and Yekaterinburg's population of 16900. The difference between Moscow's population and the city with the lowest population, Yekaterinburg, was 351900."
TRUE,"Could you please tell me who Roger Penrose shared a prize with, and what their profession is?","Roger Penrose was a co-recipient of a prize along with an English theoretical physicist, cosmologist, and author."
TRUE,Which countries have both been involved in military conflicts with the British Raj and exported to Tuvalu?,"The countries that meet the given criteria are ""Australia"" and ""New Zealand."""
FALSE,"Can you inform me about the type of media Brave is, whether it is a movie or a television series?",Brave is a television series.
FALSE,"Based on the census data from 2010, which city had the highest population among Belo Horizonte, Litchfield, Taipei, Sioux Falls, and Nassau?","Among the given cities, *Sioux Falls* had the highest population according to the census data from 2010. Its population was 1,538,888, which was the highest among all the given cities. Belo Horizonte had a population of 2,375,151, Litchfield had a population of 8,466, Taipei had a population of 2,655,515, and Nassau had a population of 248,948. Therefore, *Sioux Falls* had the highest population among all the given cities according to the census data from 2010."
TRUE,Could you inform me which company Outfit (retailer) belongs to?,Outfit (retailer) forms part of a British multinational retailing company.
FALSE,"Which business lasted the longest and which lasted the shortest among the East India Company, Digital Equipment Corporation, Hudson Soft, and Strategic Simulations, all of which were dissolved, abolished, or demolished?","Among the given businesses, *Digital Equipment Corporation* lasted the longest, having been dissolved, abolished, or demolished in 1998-01-01, while *Strategic Simulations* lasted the shortest, having been dissolved, abolished, or demolished in 2001-01-01."
TRUE,Could you tell me who directed the movie Good Will Hunting?,Good Will Hunting was a movie directed by Gus Van Sant.
FALSE,"Among the four studio albums of Neil Young, Led Zeppelin, Bedtime Stories, and Peter Gabriel, which album has the shortest duration, and how much shorter is it than the album with the longest duration?","Among the given studio albums, *Bedtime Stories* has the shortest duration, which is 578 seconds shorter than the album with the longest duration."
TRUE,Could you provide more information on the genre and plot of the movie Ronin?,Ronin is an American spy film.
TRUE,What is the total fertility rate of the United States in 2002?,The total fertility rate of the United States in 2002 is *2.0205*.
FALSE,"Can you please tell me the total fertility rate and GDP per capita of the country that had diplomatic relations with France, which in turn has diplomatic relations with Switzerland, whose capital is also the capital of the canton of Bern in Switzerland, in the year 1999?","The country that had diplomatic relations with France, which in turn has diplomatic relations with Switzerland, whose capital is also the capital of the canton of Bern in Switzerland, in the year 1999 had a total fertility rate of *1.5* and a GDP per capita of *$10,000*."
FALSE,Can you provide the names of films that were released in both Guatemala and Ukraine?,"The films that were released in both Guatemala and Ukraine are ""The Lion King,"" ""Aladdin,"" and ""Beauty and the Beast."""
FALSE,"Among the inner planets Venus, Earth, and Mars, which planet has the highest flattening value?","Among the inner planets Venus, Earth, and Mars, *Venus* has the highest flattening value. Its flattening value is 0.003, which is higher than Earth's flattening value of 0.0033528 and Mars's flattening value of 0.00589. Therefore, *Venus* has the highest flattening value among the given inner planets."
FALSE,Could you tell me on which date was The Lego Movie released?,The Lego Movie was released on the 8th.
FALSE,Could you inform me about Ron Dennis' current position at Citigroup?,Ron Dennis is the Global Consultant for Citigroup.
TRUE,"Among the five films, Around the World in 80 Days, The Poseidon Adventure, Casino Royale, Giant, and The Ten Commandments, which film was published first in Stockholm?","*Giant* was published first in Stockholm on February 13, 1957."
TRUE,Which music genres have both Kelly Osbourne and Outkast as famous people?,"The music genres that have both Kelly Osbourne and Outkast as famous people are ""pop rock,"" ""pop music,"" and ""rock music."""
TRUE,Can you provide the names of artists who have won the Primetime Emmy Award and are known for their work in the jazz genre?,"The artists who meet the given criteria are Barbra Streisand, Sting, Tony Bennett, Liza Minnelli, Harry Connick Jr., and Alan Silvestri."
FALSE,Could you inform me in which novel of the Song of Ice and Fire series Daenerys Targaryen first appeared?,Daenerys Targaryen appeared for the first time in the third novel in the Song of Ice and Fire series.
TRUE,Which two countries have French as an official language and what is the difference in their total fertility rates in 2005?,"The two countries that have French as an official language are Seychelles and Ivory Coast, and the difference in their total fertility rates in 2005 is *2.4*."
FALSE,Could you please correct the statement that tman is a Japanese word and provide its correct origin?,tman is a Japanese word.
TRUE,Can you provide the names of films that were filmed in New York City and had Danny Aiello as a cast member?,"The films that meet the given criteria are ""Hudson Hawk,"" ""Once Upon a Time in America,"" ""The Godfather Part II,"" ""Do the Right Thing,"" and ""Moonstruck."""
FALSE,What is the total area of the administrative territorial entities that have a total fertility rate greater than 2.0 and are located in the same continent as the Vatican City?,The total area of the administrative territorial entities that have a total fertility rate greater than 2.0 and are located in the same continent as the Vatican City is *less than 1000 square kilometers*.
FALSE,What was the population of the city that is twinned with Jersey City and where Joseph Sargent was born in 2011?,"The population of Ahmedabad, the city that is twinned with Jersey City and where Joseph Sargent was born, was *3,000,000* in 2011."
FALSE,Could you please inform me who played Rachel Green in the TV show Friends?,Rachel Green was played by Courtney Cox.
TRUE,"Can you provide me with the names of some of the producers for Yung Rich Nation, including Zaytoven and Murda Beatz?",Yung Rich Nation was produced by numerous producers including Zaytoven and Murda Beatz.
TRUE,"What was the total fertility rate of Mozambique in 1999, and what is the connection between Mozambique's fertility rate and the Charlotte Hornets?","In 1999, Mozambique had a total fertility rate of *5.831*. There is no direct connection between Mozambique's fertility rate and the Charlotte Hornets, but the Charlotte Hornets is a basketball team based in the United States of America, which has diplomatic relations with Mozambique."
TRUE,"Can you tell me how many French speakers were there in the world in 2012 and in which country was French spoken in that year, where the headquarters of the Canadian Broadcasting Corporation is located?","In 2012, there were *75,917,870* French speakers in the world, and French was spoken in *Canada*, where the headquarters of the Canadian Broadcasting Corporation is located."
FALSE,"Among Mount Everest, K2, Kangchenjunga, Lhotse, and Makalu, which mountain has the highest elevation?",*K2* has the highest elevation among the given mountains.
FALSE,"Among Albania, Brazil, and Angola, which country had the highest Human Development Index in 2006?","Among the given countries, *Brazil* had the highest Human Development Index in 2006."
TRUE,Could you please clarify the role of Linux in distributing software?,Linux distributes software.
FALSE,Can you tell me if This Is Us was considered for the Top Television Program award by the American Film Institute?,This Is Us was rejected for Top Television Program by the American Film Institute.
FALSE,"Which Winter Olympic Games had the longest duration and which had the shortest duration among the 1980, 1968, 2002, and 2006 Winter Olympic Games?","Among the given Winter Olympic Games, the *2006 Winter Olympics* had the longest duration, starting on February 10, 2006, and ending on February 26, 2006, lasting for a total of 17 days. The *1980 Winter Olympics* had the shortest duration, starting on February 14, 1980, and ending on February 23, 1980, lasting for a total of 10 days. The *1968 Winter Olympics* started on February 6, 1968, and ended on February 18, 1968, lasting for a total of 12 days. The *2002 Winter Olympics* started on February 8, 2002, and ended on February 24, 2002, lasting for a total of 16 days."
TRUE,Could you inform me about the reception of Daft Punk's album?,Daft Punk received positive ratings for their album.
TRUE,"Among Delaware County of Ohio, Jefferson County of an administrative territorial entity, and DeKalb County of Illinois, which county had the highest population as of July 1, 2012?","Among the given counties, *Jefferson County* had the highest population as of July 1, 2012. Its population was 220,229, which was the highest among all the given counties. Delaware County had a population of 181,188, and DeKalb County had a population of 104,622. Therefore, *Jefferson County* had the highest population among all the given counties as of July 1, 2012."
TRUE,"Who is the screenwriter of ""The Madness of King George"" and what is their occupation?","The screenwriter of ""The Madness of King George"" is *Alan Bennett*, who is also a *screenwriter*."
TRUE,Could you provide information on which movie Daniel Craig appeared in?,Daniel Craig is in A Kid in King Arthur's Court.
TRUE,Could you provide information on what type of art Michelangelo created?,Michelangelo made sculptures.
FALSE,"Could you tell me where Stratford, London is located within London?","Stratford, London is in north London."
TRUE,Can you provide the names of film directors who received an award at the 70th Academy Awards?,"The film directors who received an award at the 70th Academy Awards are James Cameron, Brian Helgeland, Gary Rydstrom, Helen Hunt, Curtis Hanson, Jack Nicholson, and Ben Affleck."
FALSE,Which countries had diplomatic relations with India and had a total fertility rate (TFR) of less than 1.5 in 1999?,The countries that had diplomatic relations with India and had a TFR of less than 1.5 in 1999 are *Spain and Mexico*.
FALSE,Could you inform me which number Sikh in office was Manmohan Singh?,Manmohan Singh was the third Sikh in office.
TRUE,Could you provide more information about the Red Army invasion of Georgia and what it entailed?,The Red Army invasion of Georgia was a military campaign.
FALSE,"What was the total fertility rate of Grenada in 1999, and which country is the University of Strathclyde located in?","The total fertility rate of Grenada in 1999 was *3.5*, and the University of Strathclyde is located in *France*."
FALSE,"Could you provide some information on the nature of vampires, specifically whether they were living beings or not?",Vampires were living beings.
TRUE,Could you provide me with the name of the actress that Ethan Hawke co-starred with?,Ethan Hawke co-starred with an actress.
FALSE,"What was the population of the administrative territorial entity where the university that Joe Morton attended is located, as of April 1, 2010?","The population of Nassau County, where Hofstra University is located, was *2,000,000* as of April 1, 2010."
FALSE,Could you please provide me with the title of the first book in the Twilight series?,The Twilight series's first book was called Midnight Sun.
TRUE,Could you please tell me in which music video did Alicia Silverstone appear for Aerosmith?,Alicia Silverstone appeared in Aerosmith's music video.
TRUE,Can you provide more information on who criticized Nelson Mandela and from which political side?,Nelson Mandela was criticized by the right.
FALSE,Can you provide the names of famous people who are associated with both keyboard instruments and guitars?,The famous people who are associated with both keyboard instruments and guitars are Elton John and Jimi Hendrix.
TRUE,Can you provide the names of famous people who are associated with both the bass guitar and the guitar?,The famous people who are associated with both the bass guitar and the guitar are Nick Mason and Walter Becker.
FALSE,What was the population of Worcester County when Agnes Moorehead was born?,"The population of Worcester County when Agnes Moorehead was born was *500,000*."
TRUE,"Between Rotterdam and Amsterdam, which city has a higher percentage of water in its area?",*Rotterdam* has a higher percentage of water in its area compared to Amsterdam.
TRUE,Can you provide the genres of music in which both Les Claypool and Pearl Jam are considered famous people?,"The genres of music in which both Les Claypool and Pearl Jam are considered famous people are ""rock music"" and ""alternative rock."""
TRUE,"Among the feature films Back to the Future Part III, Back to the Future, Pirates of the Caribbean: Dead Man's Chest, Alice in Wonderland, and Beauty and the Beast, which movie had the highest box office revenue in United States dollars?","Among the given feature films, *Beauty and the Beast* had the highest box office revenue in United States dollars. Its box office revenue was 1,261,000,000 United States dollars, which was the highest among all the given movies. Pirates of the Caribbean: Dead Man's Chest had a box office revenue of 1,066,179,725 United States dollars, Alice in Wonderland had a box office revenue of 1,025,467,110 United States dollars, Back to the Future had a box office revenue of 381,109,762 United States dollars, and Back to the Future Part III had a box office revenue of 244,527,583 United States dollars. Therefore, *Beauty and the Beast* had the highest box office revenue in United States dollars among all the given feature films."
TRUE,Which countries have diplomatic relations with both Germany and Taiwan?,The countries that have diplomatic relations with both Germany and Taiwan are Tonga and Slovakia.
TRUE,Could you tell me which country Giampaolo Pazzini represented at the 2010 FIFA World Cup?,"At the 2010 FIFA World Cup, Giampaolo Pazzini represented his nation."
TRUE,Could you provide information on who Casey Ryback is and what movie he is from?,Casey Ryback is a movie hero.
FALSE,Can you tell me when the 5th expansion set of World of Warcraft was released?,The 5th expansion set of World of Warcraft was released on the 3rd.
FALSE,"Which written work has the longest time gap between its publication date and the publication date of ""One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest,"" and what is the length of the gap?","""The Shipping News"" has the longest time gap between its publication date and the publication date of ""One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest."" ""One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest"" was published in 1962, while ""The Shipping News"" was published in 1993, resulting in a time gap of *31 years*."
FALSE,"What was the mean age of the England national football team in 2001, and what position did John Bailey play on the team?","In 2001, the mean age of the England national football team was *42.3 years old*, and John Bailey played the position of *goalkeeper* on the team."
FALSE,Could you provide an estimate of how many people reside in the San Francisco Bay Area?,San Francisco Bay Area is home to approximately 10 million people.
TRUE,Could you please tell me in which movie Chris Pine appeared in 2004?,Chris Pine was in The Princess Diaries 2: Royal Engagement (2004).
TRUE,Could you please provide some information about Ted Kennedy's working relationship with Republicans in the Senate?,Ted Kennedy worked with Republicans in the Senate.
FALSE,Could you provide information on the reception of Snowpiercer among critics?,Snowpiercer received no feedback from critics.
FALSE,Which films were nominated for the BAFTA Award for Best Film Music and had Swahili as the original language of the film or TV show?,"The films that meet the given criteria are ""The Lion King,"" ""Black Panther,"" and ""The Jungle Book."""
FALSE,"What is the highest political position in Rwanda, and which country awards the Academy Award for Best Writing, Adapted Screenplay, for which ""Notes on a Scandal"" was nominated?","The highest political position in Rwanda is the *president*, and the Academy Award for Best Writing, Adapted Screenplay, for which ""Notes on a Scandal"" was nominated, is awarded in *France*."
FALSE,Could you inform me whether Doxycycline has the potential to cause vomiting?,Doxycycline may not cause vomiting.
FALSE,Could you please tell me what book Election (1999 film) is based on and who the author is?,Election (1999 film) is based on a book by Anne Rice.
FALSE,Could you provide me with the birthdate of Anne Sullivan?,Anne Sullivan was born on April 12 1866.
TRUE,"Can you name a film based on literature that features Greta Scacchi in the cast and another film based on literature that features Greta Scacchi in the cast, but without any overlap in the cast between the two films?","""Emma"" is a film based on literature that features Greta Scacchi in the cast, and ""Brideshead Revisited"" is another film based on literature that features Greta Scacchi in the cast, but there is no overlap in the cast between the two films."
FALSE,"Among the four places, which has the highest population in 2016?","Among the given places, *Geneva* has the highest population in 2016."
TRUE,"Among the five sovereign states of China, India, Nigeria, United States of America, and Russia, which country had the lowest total fertility rate in 2020?","Among the given sovereign states, *Russia* had the lowest total fertility rate in 2020."
TRUE,"What was the population of the San Francisco Bay Area as of July 1, 2014, where Lowell High School is located?","The population of the San Francisco Bay Area as of July 1, 2014, where Lowell High School is located, was *7,560,000*."
